Description: Senior news analyst NPR #39;s Daniel Schorr contrasts the regulation-happy Federal Communications Commission with the less-active Food and Drug Administration.
Illinois is expected to announce the hiring of former Florida head coach Ron Zook on Tuesday.
The Romney administration is planning a \$1.7 million, 18-job boost for the beleaguered agency that inspects amusement park rides, boilers and elevators, but a union official says at least
The Columbus Crew has four games to prove the last 18 were not a fluke. The team enters the postseason on a league-record 18-game unbeaten streak, playing a defensive style suited for the playoffs.
Reuters - Scientists have found a 16-foot fossil of\a new species of fish-like lizard that swam the seas 160\million years ago when dinosaurs ruled on land.
The oxygen generator for the International Space Station craps out, leaving the two astronauts on board weighing alternative sources for breathable air.
Relationships in the information age work best when you exercise restraint and courtesy. Especially after you break up. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission voted 3-2 on Tuesday to adopt a rule that for the  first time will require hedge fund advisers to register with  the agency and submit to SEC examinations.
The Chinese government declared Wednesday that a conciliatory proposal made Sunday by President Chen Shui-bian of Taiwan was fraudulent, intended only to fool Taiwanese voters and international opinion.
If you had to ask what ""Qualia"" is, you probably weren't supposed to know about it.
SAN JOSE, Calif. Semiconductor company Intel says it has made a breakthrough development in shrinking the size of chips. The Santa Clara-based company announced today it has created a fully functional 70 megabit
Sony Corp, which on Tuesday confirmed a shipping halt on the Suez Canal disrupted delivery of its newest PlayStation 2 to Europe, said supply shortages of the game console extend to the United States.
Queen Noor of Jordan speaks during an interview with The Associated Press at a hotel in downtown Bogota, Colombia, Sunday, Oct. 24, 2004.
Biological and genetic weapons should take cue from online viruses and worms, British doctors say.
World News: Washington, Nov 17 : A Former Boeing Chief Financial Officer (CFO) has pleaded guilty to illegally negotiating an executive job for an Air Force #39;s acquistion official while she still had authority over billions of dollars in Boeing contract
Talladega, AL (Sports Network) - Veteran Joe Nemechek circled the 2.66-mile Talladega Superspeedway in 50.202 seconds (190.749 mph) to win the pole for Sunday #39;s EA Sports 500 Nextel Cup event.
The computer maker's retail stores are pretty easygoing about customers playing with the display machines. But when it comes to running an in-store hardware test lab, the company draws the line. By Leander Kahney.
Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages in Afghanistan said they would give officials until Friday to meet their demands that the United Nations withdraw from the country and the US release Guantanamo Bay prisoners
Small businesses were less optimistic about US economic growth last month than in July, and fewer expected sales to increase in the coming months, according to a survey by the National Federation of Independent Business.
Reuters - India's Saurav Ganguly will captain Asia against the world eleven in next week's one-day international to raise funds for the victims of the Indian Ocean earthquake disaster.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Supporters of a candidate in a disputed  election in the separatist Georgian region of Abkhazia stormed  government buildings on Friday, Russia's Interfax news agency  reported.
Kevin Keegan has been charged with criticising the referee after Manchester City #39;s weekend Premier League defeat against Newcastle United, the Football Association (FA) said on Tuesday.
Baghdad - Iraqi authorities struggled on Monday to clear up confusion over whether the most wanted member of Saddam Hussein #39;s ousted dictatorship had been nabbed in a shootout north of Baghdad.
Hewlett-Packard exec promises ""very cool"" media hardware--with Hollywood-friendly copyright protection built in.
Reuters - India raised the number of people killed or feared killed in last week's tsunami to 14,488 on Sunday, up by more than 1,700 since the previous evening's estimate.
Sports car ace Ron Fellows nearly pulled off what arguably would have been the biggest upset in NASCAR history, finishing second after starting last yesterday at Watkins Glen (N.Y.) International.
Pakistani security forces arrested more terrorist suspects yesterday, a day after killing the country #39;s leading al-Qaida figure and most wanted terrorist.
As the whole world expected, the Federal Reserve continued its policy of normalizing short-term rates by raising its policy target to 2 percent this week.
Singapore Airlines, which splashed out \$285 million on Air New Zealand shares four years ago, yesterday sold its stake in the national carrier for about \$62 million.
EarthLink Inc, one of the US #39;s largest consumer ISPs, said yesterday it has started offering free voice over IP calls to subscribers of its high speed service.
AP - The Philippine government is preparing contingency plans to evacuate more than 4,000 citizens working in Iraq if violence escalates ahead of U.S. and British elections, the labor secretary said Sunday.
At the BorCon conference this week, Borland Software will reveal its Software Delivery Optimization strategy, which leverages the companys ALM (application lifecycle management) and developer products to ease software development and maintenance.
Another dominating triumph against another unbeaten team raises the stakes: These Steelers just might be the class of the NFL. By Ed Bouchette, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. Lieutenant-General John  Sattler declared on Thursday his forces had ""broken the back of  the insurgency"" in Falluja, but U.S. troops still faced dangers  in the city and guerrillas attacked elsewhere in Iraq.
The operating system that powers the lion #39;s share of servers is losing ground to Windows and Linux. Unix is losing so much ground that IT research firm IDC is predicting Windows will take over as the dominant server operating system by the year 2008.
Following the Contract Recognition Board #39;s finding in favour of BAR, it is only a matter of time before the various  #39;interested parties #39; begin legal action against those that they feel led them astray.
Twenty-three Palestinians and three Israelis were killed as Israel's army struck back after a rocket attack.
By Bloomberg News. PricewaterhouseCoopers, the third-largest accounting firm in the United States, said yesterday that 80 percent of the clients it surveyed were either struggling to meet
Martha Stewart is urging an appeals court to overturn her conviction because she was  quot;tarred quot; by prosecutors #39; implications she committed the uncharged crime of insider
Alex Seropian #39;s Stubbs the Zombie in  quot;Rebel without a Pulse quot; uses Halo engine in new third-person action game. October 29, 2004 - Aspyr Media and Wideload Games today dug up their newest creation, revealing
Cisco has warned in a security advisory that some networks with its routers could be vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks.
Remains after explosion are seen at the place where a suicide attacker hit Chicken street in downtown Kabul on Saturday, Oct. 23. 2004.
Microsoft Corp has released a patch for its latest critical rated security flaw affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software programmes.
BESLAN, Russia - A shaken President Vladimir Putin made a rare and candid admission of Russian weakness Saturday in the face of an ""all-out war"" by terrorists after more than 350 people - nearly half of them children - were killed in a hostage-taking at a southern school.    Putin went on national television to tell Russians they must mobilize against terrorism...
WASHINGTON The Washington-bound Montreal Expos have a general manager, at least for the time being. Former Cincinnati Reds GM Jim Bowden (BOH #39;-den) has been hired for the job.
AP - Evoking decades of repressive rule, Czechs took to the streets for concerts and speeches by former dissidents Wednesday to mark the 15th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution that ended communism.
Five people were killed yesterday when a small airplane crashed in bad weather near an apartment complex for seniors, authorities said.
BANGALORE: Google Bangalore, the first R amp;D centre outside the US of the number one internet search engine, is to be an ideas centre, said the fab-two who set up the company six years ago.
The N.F.C. has only one presumed heavyweight, the Philadelphia Eagles. By contrast, 10 victories in the A.F.C. might not be enough for some teams to reach the playoffs.
New official figures have cast some doubt on the claims that the UK housing market has begun to cool in recent months. Home prices rose by a strong 2.1 during July - despite other evidence that the market
Global warming is set to continue, and bring with it an increase in extreme weather such as hurricanes and droughts, scientists from the United Nations #39; World Meteorological Organization warned on Wednesday.
AFP - US Vice President Dick Cheney will square off with his Democratic rival John Edwards in a televised debate that suddenly takes on importance for the Republicans after George W. Bush's tepid showing last week.
The United Nations nuclear watchdog said Iran #39;s suspension of its uranium enrichment program isn #39;t yet complete and that it hoped to resolve Iran #39;s request regarding 20 centrifuges in the next day.
NEW YORK - Higher oil prices and lowered outlooks from companies including Colgate-Palmolive Co., Unilever PLC and the New York Times Co. sent stocks sliding Monday, although tech shares rallied on strong performance in the semiconductor sector...
AFP - Shaquille O'Neal paid various women hush money to keep quiet about sexual encounters, Kobe Bryant told law enforcement officers in Eagle, Colorado.
MADISON, Wis. -- John Stocco threw two touchdown passes and ran for another score in his first start for No. 21 Wisconsin, which routed Central Florida, 34-6, yesterday.
AP - French Open champion Anastasia Myskina will quit Russia's Fed Cup team if Maria Sharapova joins the squad next year, saying she doesn't like the Wimbledon champion's father.
SAN JOSE, Calif. Aug. 18, 2004  The Securities and Exchange Commission granted final approval Wednesday to the paperwork required for Google Inc. #39;s initial public offering, paving the way for the Internet search giant to set a price for its shares and ...
Much of the credit for the Jets #39; only touchdown yesterday can go to one player. Not Chad Pennington or Chris Baker, who teamed up for a 1-yard touchdown pass with
NEW YORK - A late-session buying spurt gave stocks a moderate lift Tuesday as investors managed to overcome their disappointment over troubling readings on consumer confidence and manufacturing. But with volume extremely light, analysts said it was difficult to place any real significance on the upturn...
AT amp;T Wireless launched this week an online music service that provides instant gratification to subscribers who hear a tune they can #39;t wait to download.
he managing director of the International Monetary Fund, Rodrigo de Rato, said yesterday that the dollar would have to fall and the United States would have to tackle its growing indebtedness
TORONTO -- He surely thought of it dozens of times and apparently said it at least once. Given the chance yesterday, though, Bill Belichick wasn #39;t going to repeat out loud his opinion of Drew Bledsoe.
The Genesis space capsule carrying solar wind particles will be plucked from nearly a mile above the Utah desert by stunt helicopter pilots whove replicated the retrieval, without fumbles, in nearly a dozen practice runs.
TORONTO (CP) - The strong Canadian dollar chipped away at Aber Diamond Corp. #39;s quarterly profit but, with sales almost doubling from a year ago, the company said Monday it has initiated a dividend and a share buyback.
Bombs explode in separate Spanish towns after a warning in the name of the armed Basque separatist group, Eta.
WASHINGTON -- Financial officials from the world #39;s economic powers ended their meeting in Washington Sunday without a deal on debt relief for Iraq and other poor nations.
ENGLAND captain Michael Vaughan said today that he expects an evenly matched series with South Africa but suggests his bowlers hold the key.
AFP - Porsche, the German maker of luxury sports cars, wants to extend working hours and cut jobs, its chairman said in a newspaper interview at a time when other car makers in Germany are also drastically reducing their workforce in an attempt to drive down costs.
To this point -- Boston up 3-0 on St. Louis at Tuesday #39;s press time -- the 2004 World Series has been a major league letdown. I had a feeling that the American League Championship Series was our true World Series.
(National-NBC) Dec. 17, 2004 - The Christmas Grinch on the Internet this season is a new computer virus called  quot;Zafi. quot;. Zafi pretends to be an e-mail with holiday greetings, according to the antivirus firm Symantec.
MIAMI - Dell Inc. introduced on Monday a new suite of desktop support services for small and medium size businesses (SMBs) designed for companies with overstretched IT staffs.
Reuters - Yasser Arafat will undergo a\battery of medical tests on Saturday as French doctors try to\discover whether the ailing Palestinian leader is suffering\from leukemia or some other blood disorder.
Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. (SUNW.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the
Leaders of the rebel army that ousted Haitian President Jean Bertrand Aristide vow to end violence in the capital.
Nexen Inc. has agreed to buy a UK-based subsidiary of EnCana Corp. in an all-cash deal worth \$2.1 billion, enabling Canada #39;s fourth largest oil explorer to expand into the UK sector of the North Sea.
Reuters - Liberia slapped an immediate curfew on\the capital Monrovia on Friday after stick-wielding youths\rampaged through the coastal city, burning buildings, petrol\stations and vehicles.
PeopleSoft finally gave in yesterday and accepted a \$10.3bn (5.4bn) takeover proposal from its larger rival Oracle, ending a pursuit that has lasted 18 months and has been marked by bitter personal insults and a series of courtroom battles.
Wireless carrier T-Mobile International AG today confirmed it is carrying out trials of Flarion Technologies Flash OFDM equipment in European air space.
Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) is expected to herald the arrival of its latest dual-core UltraSPARC processor today. Code-named  quot;Panther, quot; the company claims the second generation of its dual-core design, known
TORONTO - There could hardly be a more appropriate movie to close the Toronto International Film Festival Saturday night than Martin Short's ""Jiminy Glick in Lalawood.""   Shot at the festival in 2002 with a bevy of star cameos, the schmoozefest satire plops the obese and obnoxious celebrity interviewer Jiminy Glick (Short in a fat-suit) into a murder-mystery. It's like ""The Player"" on laughing gas...
Denver Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony looks on during his team #39;s 90-88 victory over the New Jersey Nets in Denver on Tuesday, Nov. 23, 2004.
WASHINGTON - Federal law enforcement authorities notified school districts in six states last month that a computer disc found in Iraq contained photos, floor plans and other information about their schools, two U.S. officials said Thursday...
Networking and Linux vendor Novell reported a profit of \$57.1 million for fiscal 2004 and said its Linux offerings are allowing the company to reach new customers.
New Wi-Fi chips increase range of wireless networks by 50 percent, according to the company.
Dual-core chips that AMD and Intel plan to bring to market next year won't be sharing their memories.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA - December 2, 2004 -bisoft, one of the worlds leading video game publishers, today announced that Prince of Persia: Warrior Within is now available on store shelves for the PlayStation2 computer entertainment system, Xbox
France's foreign minister says Turkey should acknowledge the 1915 genocide of Armenians before it joins the EU.
A state district judge declared the school funding system unconstitutional Wednesday, saying Texas faces a bleak future if it fails to spend more on public education.
AFP - A handful of nail-biter contests could flip control of the US Senate to the Democrats in the November 2 election, while the House of Representatives is expected to remain firmly in the grasp of George W. Bush's Republican Party.
Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - Free agent starting pitcher Carl Pavano has chosen to join the New York Yankees and the two sides were working on finalizing a contract before the end of the winter meetings.
ATHENS, Georgia (Sports Network) - Freshman quarterback Erik Ainge threw two touchdown passes as No. 17 Tennessee held off third-ranked and previously unbeaten Georgia for a 19-14 win in an SEC clash at Sanford Stadium.
AP - The Atlanta Braves celebrated another division title in style. Shawn Green powered Los Angeles past San Francisco in an NL West showdown. Roger Clemens helped the Houston Astros keep pace in the wild-card race with another vintage pitching performance.
AP - Congressional oversight of the Homeland Security Department is ""dysfunctional"" and must be fundamentally changed to ensure Americans are protected, according to a report issued Friday by former House Speaker Tom Foley and retired Sen. Warren Rudman.
The federal loan board that was created to oversee an airline industry bailout is about to play a key role in determining the next phase of industry competition.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of medical device maker Guidant  Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt; jumped on Tuesday after a report saying the  company was in advanced talks to be acquired by health products  maker Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; for more than \$24 billion.
New Zealand is glad three of its athletes have been crowned Olympic champions, but if they bring home their olive wreaths from Athens, the wreaths risk going up in smoke.
The courts decision marked the official end of a controversy that had simmered since Paul Hamm captured the gold after a close finish.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns  Companies posted a drop in quarterly profits on Wednesday,  surprising some investors one day after two other big  investment banks reported a rise in earnings.
A Malaysian veterinarian and her three children have received a clean bill of health after tests for bird flu, leaving no suspected human cases of the deadly
AFP - Chelsea failed to make any ground on Premiership leaders Arsenal after they were held 0-0 by Spurs at Stamford Bridge here.
Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted he must take his share of the blame for Manchester United #39;s stuttering start to the season, saying  #39;maybe at the moment I #39;m making too many changes to the team.
Another year of record-high oil prices may dent world economic growth in 2005, with China being particularly vulnerable, an OPEC official said Tuesday.
PHILADELPHIA - The US economy is on course for sustainable expansion with little danger of inflationary pressure building, Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia President Anthony Santomero said on Monday.
The Government must act swiftly to either charge or release the nine detainees who are being held on suspicion of links with terrorism, civil liberties campaigners said today.
The US military said Tuesday that an aide to Jordanian activists Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was killed in an airstrike in Fallujah.  quot;The 3 am strike hit a known safehouse being used by al-Zarqawi #39;s terrorist network
Gordon Brown will this week be urged to intervene on behalf of Argentina at the International Monetary Fund and write off much of the embattled country #39;s \$100 billion-worth of debts.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  warned that second-half earnings will fall well short of Wall  Street forecasts due to higher marketing spending.
AP - President Hamid Karzai rarely misses an opportunity to laud Afghanistan's 3 million former refugees for ""voting with their feet"" by returning to support their homeland's budding democracy.
A technical problem at Lufthansa forced the German airline to cancel some 29 domestic and European flights on Thursday. Although the German flag carrier #39;s long-haul flights were not affected, further European
A father of a Black Watch soldier has spoken of his worry for his son #39;s safety following reports that three soldiers have been killed in Iraq.
p2pnet.net News:-  quot;UC Berkeley officials issued a statement of regret about a computer hacking that may have exposed the names and social security numbers of about 600,000 people, quot; says the Berkeley Daily Planet.
Start developing for Mac OS X v10.4  #147;Tiger, #148; the next release of Apple #146;s powerful UNIX-based operating system, due to ship in the first half of 2005. The Tiger Early Start Kit for Developers provides everything developers need  #151; including pre-release Tiger software, Tiger documentation, access to Tiger support engineers and more  #151; to create revolutionary Tiger products. Oct 19
A Buddhist judge was killed by a gunman on motorcycle in Thailand #39;s largely Muslim south on Friday as security officials and militants put bounties on their enemies, police officials said.
Japanese computer games firm Nintendo raises its sales target for the DS handheld  games console after strong early sales.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler AG &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DCX.N&lt;/A&gt;  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday the U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission has opened a probe into the automaker's compliance  with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which includes  anti-bribery provisions.
UNITED NATIONS -- India #39;s Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has called for a sustained war on terrorism and reaffirmed his willingness to continue peace talks with nuclear neighbor Pakistan.
BRUSSELS - European Union leaders got a wake up call this week as a high-level report warned the bloc must run just to stand still in global competitiveness rankings.
In a strange post-industrial twist, most people who have lost their jobs in the garment industry are first-generation Mexican women.
NEW YORK - Hurt by erratic advertising demand, many of the nation #39;s newspaper companies will fail to deliver the profits they had hoped for in the latest quarter.
SpaceShipOne, financed by Microsoft Corp. co-founder Paul Allen and built by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan, rocketed 62 miles over the California desert, completing the first half of
Reuters - Three al Qaeda-linked militants\were killed and three were wounded on Wednesday in a clash with\Pakistani security forces in a troubled tribal region near the\Afghan border, the military said.
BUSAN - A VfB Stuttgart quartet arrived in Busan on Friday to further strengthen a confident German national team ahead of their friendly with South Korea.
A federal bankruptcy judge on Friday agreed to consider a motion by United Airlines to cancel its union contracts to save \$725 million annually.
International Game Technology, the world #39;s largest designer and manufacturer of casino slot machines, said Tuesday that fourth-quarter profit declined year-over-year due to a \$77 million charge for the early redemption of the company #39;s senior notes
Katzenberg is taking the animation unit public in a year that has seen box office success for the studio:  quot;Shrek 2 quot; has brought in \$876.
OUAGADOUGOU (AFP) - Leaders from 36 French-speaking countries wrapped up a summit in Burkina Faso, with a call to the protagonists in the Ivory Coast conflict to implement a French-brokered pact to restore peace.
Both Paula Radcliffe of Britain and Hendrik Ramaala of South Africa got a bit of redemption after a disappointing Olympics.
The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population, the Labor Department reported on Friday.
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The Federal Reserve will continue its baby-step approach to raising its overnight lending rate when the central bank #39;s policymakers meet next Tuesday, Fed watchers agree.
China on Thursday announced it will raise interest rates for one-year loans by 0.27 percentage points to 5.58, the first increase in more than nine years.
King Norodom Sihanouk said on Tuesday his decision to abdicate gave Cambodia a chance to choose a successor in his lifetime and thus avoid another bloodbath.
AFP - Support for Prime Minister Tony Blair's policy of keeping British troops in Iraq until a  quot;stable democracy quot; is ensured has increased over the past three months, according to an opinion poll published.
Facing growing competition from open source software providers, Microsoft Corp. has decided to allow governments and international organizations access to source code for its Office 2003 productivity suite.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Aug 23 (PNS) - Egypt Ramy Ashour became the newest World Junior Squash Champion following a 3-0 finals victory in the PIA 13th World Junior Squash Championships against Yasir Butt of Pakistan at the Mushaf Ali Mir Squash Complex
IT MAY NOT HAVE been the most substantive line in President Bush #39;s State of the Union address last January, but it had to be the least controversial.
Barry Bonds is three home runs away from joining Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth in baseball #39;s 700 club. Bonds hit his 697th homer in the San Francisco Giants #39; 18-7 home victory over Arizona on Friday night, a two
AFP - As the convention-time boost enjoyed by President George W. Bush began to wane, he and rival John Kerry were again running neck and neck less than two months ahead of the November 2 election.
IBM aims to gain more gain insight and information in this arena, as many companies have implemented numerous content management systems.
The board of Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) discussed breaking up the No. 2 computer maker three times in the past, yet each time decided
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece #39;s top two sprinters should finally get to put their case on Wednesday in a drugs investigation that has shamed and angered the Olympic host nation.
So, I was thinking, maybe the University of Miami would want to change its nickname, and soon. I know, I know, this is not funny to anyone in the state of Florida.
By Serena Gordon, HealthDay Reporter    Even passive smoke can make you a nocturnal noisemaker, study finds    HealthDayNews -- Your chances of getting a peaceful night's sleep are better if you don't smoke, or spend time around anyone who does.    That's because smoking -- both active and passive -- makes it more likely you'll snore the night away, according to a study in the October issue of the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine...
The consortium plans to make bringing Linux up to the Evaluation Assurance Level 5 (EAL5), which is part of an internationally recognized security certification called Common Criteria, its first effort.
afrol News, 4 October - Hundred years of conservation efforts have lifted the southern black rhino population from about hundred to 11,000 animals.
LONDON (Reuters) - Financial markets ticked over ahead of a  key address by U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on  Wednesday, expecting confirmation that interest rates in the  world's leading economy will go on rising at a moderate pace.
PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Private equity firm Veritas said  on Sunday it agreed to acquired DynCorp International LLC,  which provides aviation maintenance, personal security and  training for law enforcement agencies and the U.S. government,  for \$850 million.
AP - Free agent shortstop Omar Vizquel has agreed to terms with the San Francisco Giants, the team announced Sunday.
Kuwaiti and Italian officials on Monday urged the release of two Italian female hostages kidnapped earlier in Baghdad, the Kuwait News Agency reported.
Reuters - Glenn McGrath finished with four wickets as Australia quashed Indian hopes of a fightback by establishing a big first-innings lead in the first test on Friday.
In his first month of retirement, Edgar Martinez today will be where he was unable to go in 17 years as a player - the World Series.
Three prominent open-source software developers have urged the EU to reject a law that would codify the practice of granting software patents in Europe.
AP - Wendell Mathis rushed for 123 yards and two touchdowns, and Bryson Sumlin added 127 yards in 19th-ranked Fresno State's 27-17 victory over Portland State on Saturday night.
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Brian Homewood&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Argentina and Brazil scoredcrushing victories in Saturday's World Cup qualifiers, theformer beating Uruguay 4-2 in Buenos Aires and the worldchampions romping home 5-2 in Venezuela.&lt;/p&gt;
AP - Kenny Rogers lost at the Coliseum for the first time in more than 10 years, with Bobby Crosby's three-run double in the fifth inning leading the Athletics to a 5-4 win over the Texas Rangers on Thursday.
MULTAN, Pakistan: Pakistan security forces were on high alert with troops deployed to the city of Multan after a car bomb killed 41 people and wounded more than 100 in the latest attack blamed on sectarian tensions.
SYDNEY- Australian shares fell 0.3 per cent on Monday, led down by insurer Axa Asia Pacific after it ended buyout talks with its French parent and by a weaker banking sector on concerns over higher interest rates.
AP - For at least the fourth time this year, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has touched the electrified third rail of American politics  #151; Social Security.
American Lindsay Davenport is another step closer to taking the world number one ranking from France #39;s Amelie Mauresmo, after Mauresmo retired hurt in their final at the Filderstadt Grand Prix in Germany.
Yasser Arafat #39;s wife accused senior Palestinian officials on Monday of plotting to  quot;bury him alive quot; and forced them to put off a planned trip to France to visit her critically ill husband.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds hit his 700th career home run on Friday to join  Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth as the only major league players to  reach the milestone.
Alitalia SpA #39;s board is likely to approve today Chief Executive Officer Giancarlo Cimoli #39;s rescue plan for Italy #39;s largest airline, after he won concessions from the carrier #39;s nine major unions on job cuts.
Vendor offers server, switch, and host-channel adapter bundle with increased I/O bandwidth, processing capability, and memory. By Larry Greenemeier.
Ziff Davis - At half the price of its high-end system, the new ftServer W Series 2300 system offers users an alternative to clusters.
London - Cable and Wireless, the struggling British telecoms group, said Wednesday it would cut 600 jobs across Europe, part company with a top executive and shut its London headquarters.
Four months after launch, NASA's Gravity Probe B spacecraft has begun its search for an elusive space-time vortex around Earth.
Suspected Maoist rebels shot and wounded a policeman and detonated two powerful bombs in Katmandu on Friday to reinforce a blockade of the Nepali capital to press for the release of jailed guerrillas.
BERLIN, Germany -- Germany, stripped of two equestrian golds in Athens, will almost certainly lose a third title after two of its show jumping horses failed dope tests.
At last the spell has been broken. After 25 completed matches in 10 months of trying England have won a one-day international by batting first and defending a target.
Maurice Wilkins, 88, a Nobel Prize winner whose role in discovering the double helix structure of DNA has been overshadowed by more-celebrated colleagues for the past half-century, died Oct. 5 in a London hospital.
Reuters - Toys R Us Inc. \has opened its financial records to more than a dozen\prospective suitors, including a consortium being led by the\retailer's former chairman and chief executive Michael\Goldstein, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
New York - The first US presidential debate this week and a load of data on consumer spending will settle some questions that have been hanging over US stocks, and equity strategists and traders say the decreased uncertainty could draw buyers back to the
AFP - The Group of 20 finance chiefs have shunned action to halt the dollar slide, leaving Europe isolated at the end of a forum here and facing an almost certain further strengthening of the euro.
Prudential Financial Inc. (PRU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US life insurer, on Tuesday said its quarterly earnings more than doubled, helped by its acquisitions
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Veolia Environment &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIE.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;VIE.PA&lt;/A&gt; executives  on Tuesday said the French utility's waste management unit had  won a 10-year, \$800 million contract extension in Florida.
Ziff Davis - The company introduces a new midrange server and expands management and support across the i5 server line.
The Bank of England left the cost of borrowing unchanged at 4.75 per cent on Thursday after data had shown a slowdown in the housing market, slowing consumer
Concerns over the economy and potential inflation outweighed a sharp drop in oil prices, sending stocks slightly lower yesterday. All three major indexes were lower for the week as Wall Street #39;s customary year-end rally stalled.
Having hit the news pages over his personal life, Colin Montgomerie set about trying to re-ignite his golf career today. But he did not make the best of starts.
The US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Wednesday kicked off efforts that could reshape the communications services available to airline passengers.
Don Fehr is always quick to say what #39;s said in baseball union meetings is confidential. That edict didn #39;t change this week when the executive board held what turns out to be a historic session on steroids.
NewsFactor - Google's next move may be to add a browser offering to its portfolio of \Internet products. A New York Post news report suggests that the \search-engine giant has added employees to develop such a technology based on \the open-source Mozilla browser.
AP - The Ohio Supreme Court rejected former Cleveland Indians outfielder Milton Bradley's appeal of a three-day jail sentence he received after driving away from police who were trying to give the player a speeding ticket.
SAN FRANCISCO - Ten years after it was born out of the carnage of three California mass shootings, the federal assault weapons ban is fading out of existence Monday.    While manufacturers look for a boom in business as people buy up previously banned weapons like AK-47s, Uzis and TEC-9s, police chiefs warn of an upsurge in crime...
LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged on Wednesday as U.S.  government reported a fall in heating oil stocks and cold  weather gripped the U.S. Northeast, the world's biggest heating  fuel market.
The death toll from a suicide bombing outside a Moscow subway station rose to 10 as a 20-year-old man succumbed to his injuries, Russian news agencies reported.
NATIONAL Australia Bank yesterday announced it had hired the investment bank Lazards to gauge buying interest for its Irish banks, signalling it was prepared to leave part of its European market.
In rare criticism of US-led forces in Iraq, interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi yesterday blamed foreign troops helping secure the country for
Olympic supremo Jacques Rogge Sunday offered gold medals all round to Athens for organizing a superb Olympics after years of doom and gloom leading up to the opening.
Pressure from Microsoft chairman and shareholder Bill Gates over a sagging financial outlook and news that Washington Redskins owner Daniel Snyder has bought nearly 9 percent of Six Flags, Inc.
Two large American oil companies that received profitable vouchers to buy Iraqi oil under the United Nations' oil-for-food program said yesterday that the purchases complied with U.S. law.
Adding to its offerings for digital imaging and video hobbyists, Adobe Systems this week is announcing a new video-editing package and an update to its Photoshop Elements image-editing product.
LAS VEGAS (Ticker) -- Brian Grant had his first big game for the Los Angeles Lakers, helping hand Phoenix Suns their first preseason loss.
The software maker proposes open-source Java-based reporting tools for consideration by the Eclipse open-source foundation.
Entrepreneur and part-time daredevil Richard Branson plans to launch the world #39;s first passenger service to space in 2007, offering zero-gravity flights for 110,000 pounds.
THE moment that all Australian cricket fans had been anticipating for 35 years came at 4.20pm local time. It had been delayed by a frustrating last-wicket stand of 52 in seven overs, but when Zaheer Khan swung
BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Iraq overshadowed the start  of Tony Blair's Labour Party conference on Sunday despite the  prime minister's efforts to turn attention to the domestic  agenda ahead of a general election expected next year.
UK-based Cable  amp; Wireless, which has been selling off pieces of itself or just discontinuing business in certain world markets it finds unprofitable, is trading its Japanese presence to that country #39;s Softbank Corp.
World News: London, Nov 8 : If your city #39;s increasing traffic leaves you with nothing but a headache, here is a godsend that promises to make life easier.
The first American military intelligence soldier to be court-martialed over the Abu Ghraib abuse scandal was sentenced Saturday to eight months in jail, a reduction in rank and a bad-conduct discharge.
Like the New York Yankees in a midsummer slump, the federal government is on a rare losing streak - at least in its efforts to block mergers.
Global electronics giant Sony will launch its popular projection televisions with large LCD screens in China early next year, a company official said on Wednesday.
As computers and hand-held electronic gadgets eat into sales, this holiday season promises to be an especially competitive one for toymakers.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators may file  suit against Morningstar Inc., a provider of mutual fund and  stock research, over incorrect data it published about a mutual  fund, the company said on Friday.
: Rookie bowler Riaz Afridi, grabbed two wickets as Pakistan made Sri Lanka struggle for runs on the first day of the second cricket Test today.
Microsoft rolled out its long-planned response to Google and Yahoo in the Internet search industry on Wednesday.
Sierra Wireless (NASDAQ:SWIR) (TSX:SW) announced today that the Voq Professional Phone(TM) is now available in North America through members of Intel #39;s Product Dealer (IPD) program.
RIYADH (Reuters) - The Saudi government has stepped up  surveillance of charities amid fears that some of the big cash  donations made to them during the holy month of Ramadan are  being channeled to militant groups like al Qaeda.
COCA-Colas agreement with the European Union is the first sign that new chief executive Neville Isdells painfully slow reform of the company may at last be getting under way.
IFire aims to displace LCD TVs with its lower-cost display technology.
This is the last big weekend for prep races before the Breeders' Cup at Lone Star Park Oct. 30, and the 2-year-olds will take center stage.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The euro hit a fresh record high  against the dollar above \$1.3329 on Tuesday following the  release of weaker-than-expected U.S. consumer confidence data.
Russian energy giant Gazprom said Tuesday it would acquire state-owned oil company Rosneft in a stock swap expected to ultimately ease restrictions on foreign investment in the world's biggest natural gas producer.
(Columbia) Nov. 18, 2004 - Former South Carolina Gamecock, New York Giant and Minnesota Vikings linebacker Corey Miller says the name Lou Holtz has helped South Carolina recruit football players.
The arguments have been made, and now a judge must decide: Do disclaimers Cobb County stuck in its science textbooks two years ago - calling evolution a  quot;theory, not a fact quot; -iolate the principle of separation between church and state?
In Giants Coach Tom Coughlin's view, he and Detroit Coach Steve Mariucci's teams are in the same boat; Mariucci has simply been steering his for one season longer.
Toyota #39;s new signing Jarno Trulli says that being blamed for Renault losing second place in the constructors championship at Monza sped up the switch of drivers on Wednesday.
Jamal Crawford scored 30 points, Stephon Marbury had 18 points and 15 assists and Tim Thomas scored 17 to lead the New York Knicks to a 108-102 victory over the visiting Toronto Raptors on Saturday.
Mark Hughes is reportedly keen on becoming the new manager of Blackburn Rovers Football Club. The Ewood Park club have been looking for a new boss since Graeme Souness left for Newcastle United last week, and
It #39;s hard for Serena Williams not to consider herself the US Open #39;s defending champion. That honor is held by Justine Henin-Hardenne, who captured the Open crown last September when the Williams sisters withdrew with injuries.
Ramon Ortiz pitched four-hit ball for eight stellar innings and led the Anaheim Angels over the New York Yankees, 5-0, on Friday.
HAVANA (Reuters) - Diego Maradona left Cuba on Sunday,  interrupting his cocaine-addiction therapy to spend Christmas  at home with his family in defiance of his doctor's advice.
WASHINGTON -- Oil futures prices surged to new heights above \$55 US a barrel yesterday as concerns about the global supply of heating oil persist ahead of winter.
WASHINGTON US economic growth will slow to 3.5 percent in 2005, but still generate average monthly job gains of about 175,000, the Bush administration predicted Friday in a rosy annual forecast that promised solid growth, low inflation and falling
Officials from France, Britain and Germany will meet Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator in Vienna on Thursday to offer Tehran a final chance to halt uranium enrichment plans or face possible UN sanctions, diplomats say.
KABUL - Afghan President Hamid Karzai dismissed a powerful warlord from his post as provincial governor Saturday in the latest move to solidify the central governments control of wayward provinces ahead of Octobers landmark polls.
According to The Boston Globe, the Boston Red Sox have agreed to a four-year, \$40-million contract with shortstop Edgar Renteria.
GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks, helicopters and warplanes  pounded a Hamas training camp on Tuesday, killing 14 militants  in the deadliest ever strike against the Islamic faction a week  after it carried out a double suicide bombing.
LONDON, September 28 (newratings.com) - An EU appeals court has overturned the European Commission #39;s four-year old decision to block a proposed merger deal between the US-based telecom companies, WorldCom and Sprint, which was subsequently abandoned.
Two Silicon Valley companies that have already become household names in tech savvy homes are working together to bring movies to the home digitally.
Samuel Etoo tapped home from Ludovic Giuly on 36 minutes as Barcelona moved six points clear in Spain with a 2-1 defeat of visiting Deportivo la Corua.
Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. , the world's largest insurance broker, may settle New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's claims of rigged bids and kickbacks within a month, chief executive Michael Cherkasky said.
Linking hybrid motors with diesel engines would create the most fuel-efficient mainstream vehicles to date, auto industry experts say. While the technology is already used for buses, automakers look to extend it to other vehicles. By John Gartner.
The United Nations has refused a U.S. request to assist Iraqi judges and prosecutors seeking to try former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein and his top lieutenants for war crimes, saying that a new Iraqi special tribunal  includes a death penalty provision opposed by the United Nations and fails to meet the minimum standards of justice.
ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States softball team came  into Athens on a simple mission -- take home their third  straight gold medal or call the trip to the Olympics a failure.
Polar bears could be decades from extinction, a survey into global warming has found. Steve Connor reports on the crisis that threatens the polar ice-cap.
Button was the general manager of the Calgary Flames for parts of three seasons from 2000-01 to 2002-03 before joining The Score network as an NHL analyst.
NASA and the nations involved in the International Space Station project will run out of emergency rescue craft within 18 months and have not decided what to do after April 2006, when the final
AP - Tim Wakefield was still slated to start Game 7 of the AL championship series Wednesday night for the Boston Red Sox, assuming they don't need the knuckleballer to get there.
Jakarta - A leading Indonesian scientist on Saturday challenged the widely publicised theory that fossilised bones found on the eastern island of Flores were from a previously unknown species of human.
NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   ""He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead,"" said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio...
FRANKFURT/TOKYO (Reuters) - German compact disc and DVD  equipment company Singulus and Japan's Sony have teamed up to  develop a new technology for music and video discs, Singulus  said on Tuesday.
Oprah Winfrey surprised each of her 276-person studio audience this week with their own new Pontiac G6 car. The cars, which retail for \$US28,000 (\$NZ43,189) were donated by Pontiac.
The American forces continued their air bombardment of Falluja yesterday at dawn resulting in several being killed and injured. Witnesses said that one of the killed is the driver of a rental car whose car
CAIRO -- The Egyptian and Syrian presidents linked calls by the United Nations and Arab leaders for Syrian troops to leave Lebanon to past UN resolutions demanding that Israel withdraw from captured territory in the West Bank and Golan Heights.
AP - Plant geneticist Ted Hymowitz knew that finding an allergy-free soybean would take a painstaking search through thousands of varieties. So Hymowitz got a grant, fetched a hammer and pounded away until he proved he was right.
If you #39;ve been on the Internet looking to rent a 250-member marching band, you #39;d better hurry. Bidding on eBay ends Saturday for the James Bowie High School band.
Xbox-exclusive title Phantom Dust has been acquired for US release by publisher Majesco, after developer Microsoft Game Studios declined to launch the title outside Japan earlier this year.
MADRAS, India : Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh grabbed two wickets in three balls to lead India #39;s fightback in the second cricket Test against Australia here.
A win by Democratic challenger John Kerry in next week #39;s US presidential election may give stocks a lift, if history is any guide.
MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. confirmed for MacCentral on Wednesday that the Canadian iTunes Music Store has been delayed. Company representatives declined to comment on a specific timeframe for the store, but said in a statement that it would be very soon.
SINGAPORE Singapore #39;s unemployment rate fell to its lowest in more than three years in the third quarter, the government said Monday, as manufacturers and service companies increased investment in the city-state, creating new jobs.
A company owned by the Chinese government has entered talks to buy Noranda Inc. in a deal that would shake up the Canadian mining industry.
US stocks closed slightly higher Wednesday, as better-than-expected quarterly results from investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
Afghanistan #39;s interim leader Hamid Karzai has a 45-point lead after the first million votes were counted in the country #39;s presidential poll.
AP - Brad Radke pitched seven solid innings, Corey Koskie drove in three runs and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in the regular season for the first time since 2001 with an 8-2 victory Tuesday night.
Acer America Corporation, one of the leading worldwide suppliers of IT solutions, announced the newest addition to the Ferrari line of notebooks, the Ferrari 3400.
A battle group of British troops began to roll out of southern Iraq Wednesday on a US-requested mission to deadlier areas near Baghdad in a major political gamble for British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
NEW YORK - A slowdown in economic growth and oil prices climbing to near record highs renewed Wall Street's fears of disappointing third-quarter earnings Thursday and pushed stocks mostly lower. Only the Nasdaq composite index managed a minimal gain...
CEO Michael Robertson says the Linux company ""won't be forced into a cut-rate IPO.""
PARIS Alcatel, the world #39;s largest provider of broadband Internet equipment, won a \$1.7 billion order to build a fiber-optic network for SBC Communications, the companies said Thursday.
A European Union version of Apple #146;s iTunes Music Store gives music fans in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal and Spain the same innovative features and breakthrough price of  #8364;0.99 per song that have made iTunes the number one online music service in the world. Apple will launch the iTunes Music Store in Canada in November. Oct 26
Within days of the release of the security bulletin, there was proof of concept code available on the web. As the exploit was analyzed by various security groups, it was found that it was similar
Uefa insisted last night that security will not be a problem when Middlesbrough and Newcastle supporters join those of Arsenal in Athens this month to play European matches against three Greek clubs.
Evidence from the Mars exploration rovers Spirit and Opportunity has led scientists to suggest that water was once present in large quantities on the red planet.
A TINY unmanned jet has soared above the Pacific Ocean at nearly ten times the speed of sound - almost 7000mph - in a record-breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
The company announced the firings on Thursday along with a restructuring plan that included layoffs of about 3,500 employees.
Its never too soon to worry. And when it comes to RFID and its related technologies, you might want to start now. Between private sector and government mandates, both large and midtier companies can count on being required to have what some call edge-to-edge visibility for any shipped product in the near future.
Three major music labels have signed up to allow their music to be used by the Peer Impact peer-to-peer (P2P) service, according to a report from the Reuters news agency.
CIOs polled by Forrester Research said optimism in the North American business climate is up over last quarter, and the number of CIOs citing a ""very strong business climate"" has tripled.
Cyclist Tyler Hamilton #39;s journey has taken him from the North Shore to the summit of Mount Olympus, but the Marblehead native now faces his greatest challenge as he fights a blood-doping
Australia #39;s second-largest brewer yesterday announced an agreement to sell its three Yangtze River Delta breweries to an SABMiller-China Resources Enterprises joint venture for \$219 million.
MARK Webber revealed he can already feel the winning potential of his new team after just one day #39;s testing in Spain. The Australian was speaking as controversy engulfed his Williams team back in England when
ATHENS -- Matt Hemingway gambled in the men's high jump last night, passing on the fourth height of the competition (7 feet 6 inches) to save himself for later. He easily cleared his next two jumps to take the silver.
Australian troops in Baghdad came under attack today for the first time since the end of the Iraq war when a car bomb exploded injuring three soldiers and damaging an Australian armoured convoy.
James Hardie Industries NV, Australia #39;s fourth-biggest building materials maker, said full-year profit will miss analysts #39; estimates because of boycotts by unions protesting the handling of asbestos compensation.
His credentials as an economist and as a Finance minister were never in doubt, but now it appears that Indian Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh is becoming politically consummate as the representative of a billion plus people residing in a single country.
AP - Los Angeles Dodgers general manager Paul DePodesta believes several options will be available if star third baseman Adrian Beltre decides to play elsewhere.
AFP - Russia rejected US criticism of moves to strengthen Kremlin power, saying they were reforms of a domestic nature that were perfectly constitutional.
Somalia inaugurated a transitional parliament Sunday, taking an important first step toward forming a new government for the devastated country even as rivalries continue
Vijay Singh won the 84 Lumber Classic of Pennsylvania to push his yearly winnings to more than \$9.45 million and break Tiger Woods #39;s single-season money record.
A Houston jury Friday requested an index to dozens of exhibits in the first Enron criminal trial. US District Judge Ewing Werlein asked lawyers to prepare evidence indexes to
AP - Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday as police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
BAGHDAD -- The US military announced yesterday that it had arrested a top Iraqi National Guard commander in Tikrit, accusing him of working with the insurgency. It was the most serious publicized confirmation so far that the growing resistance movement, which US officials admitted yesterday is fanning out from bases in Fallujah and Baghdad, has infiltrated the top echelons of ...
Five Egyptians have been arrested on charges of plotting a series of simultaneous bomb blasts in Red Sea resorts earlier this month.
Gaming giant Nintendo launched its latest handheld gaming device, the much-anticipated Nintendo DS on Sunday. Scheduled for release in time for the holiday season, the system is aimed at older, more sophisticated
September 28, 2004 -- Michael Powell, chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, plans to hold a vote this year on a proposal to require US television broadcasters such as Viacom Inc.
Grace Park might have made a shaky start on day three of the CJ Nine Bridges event in Korea today, but by the time she had finished the only ones shaking were those who had to follow in her wake.
LOS ANGELES - Billionaire Marvin Davis, a former oilman who sold his 20th Century Fox studios to Rupert Murdoch in the 1980s, died Saturday at his home in Beverly Hills. He was 79...
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is considered a steady, broadly educated man who supports the secular tradition of Indonesia.
Because some antidepressant drugs have been shown to lead to suicidal thoughts among children and teens, the FDA decrees that all manufacturers must carry a warning on their labels.
The Minnesota Twins agreed to a two-year contract with veteran right-hander Brad Radke, and offered arbitration to third baseman Corey Koskie, left-hander Terry Mulholland and catcher Henry Blanco, the team announced late Tuesday.
AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry accused President George W. Bush of planning to call up large numbers of reservists for Iraq after the November election, but a new poll released indicated Kerry's new aggressive line is not working with voters.
AP - Speedy Claxton scored 21 points, including five free throws in the final 15 seconds of the third overtime, to help the Golden State Warriors beat the New Orleans Hornets 115-109 Tuesday night.
TOKYO - NTT DoCoMo on Thursday unveiled what it calls the nation #39;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation FOMA handsets.
TONY EASTLEY: The brutality of the violence in Iraq has reached a new low after 49 young Iraqi men were forced to lie on the roadside and each was shot in the back.
Wood paneling and chrome made your dad #39;s station wagon look like a million bucks, and they might also be just the ticket for Microsoft #39;s fledgling effort to put a Media Center PC in every living room.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open higher on  Tuesday after a long holiday weekend, with U.S. oil prices  falling more than a dollar and Seagate Technology &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;STX.N&lt;/A&gt;, a  computer hard-drive maker, raising its first-quarter profit  forecast.
Bernie Ecclestone remains in the grip of Christmas spirit. A day after the gift of the British Grand Prix, given a July 10 date at yesterday #39;s FIA world council meeting, Formula One #39;s commercial
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bankrupt US Airways &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt;  detailed plans on Monday for becoming a low-cost carrier,  saying it will overhaul its flight schedule and sharply boost  aircraft turnaround times beginning in February.
AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...
Newcastle United goalkeeper Shay Given was adjudged to have fouled Manchester Uniteds Paul Scholes inside the area at a crucial juncture of Sundays big Premiership encounter at St Jamess Park.
A new study finds that artists and musicians love the internet, using it to promote themselves and their work. But they are divided on whether illegal file sharing helps or hurts them. By Katie Dean.
LONDON (Reuters) - European shares dipped and government  bond prices rose on Monday following an attack on a U.S.  consulate in Saudi Arabia and as Friday's weak U.S. jobs data  continued to chip away at economic confidence.
Deutsche Bank Securities maintained a  quot;hold quot; rating and \$8.60 target price on AT amp;T Wireless Services (nyse: AWE - news - people ), saying the Justice Department #39;s approval of Cingular #39;s takeover represents a  quot;favorable settlement.
Long considered beyond the reach of mainland mores, the Florida city is trying to limit blatant displays of sexual behavior.
AP - Lenny Wilkens gained some job security despite coaching without a hand-picked assistant for the first time in his career as the New York Knicks defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 96-88 Tuesday night.
AP - Catches of cod and other fish stocks must be drastically reduced or even stopped in the North Sea to help populations recover from years of overfishing, an independent expert panel said Monday.
LISBON (Reuters) - The Portuguese government resigned on  Saturday to avoid turf battles with President Jorge Sampaio in  the run-up to snap elections in February.
Reuters - The U.S. current account gap widened\again in the second quarter, growing to a record  #36;166.18\billion, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
The semiconductor industry should take in \$226 billion in revenue this year, up 27 from last year, according to research firm Gartner Inc. But that grow is expected to slow in 2005.
AP - The chief of Nigeria's main labor organization vowed that a four-day nationwide strike to protest fuel price hikes will go ahead Monday as planned, and accused President Olusegun Obasanjo of shunning dialogue to resolve union grievances.
For investors in Google Inc., it's the roaring '90s redux. Shares of the Web search giant leapt 15.43 percent yesterday, on the heels of a 6.33 percent spurt the previous day, even as the broader financial markets continued to retreat. By the time they closed at \$172.43 yesterday, Google shares had more than doubled in value since the company went ...
Swainson, a 26-year IBMer, most recently led the worldwide sales organization for the company #39;s software group. He replaces interim CEO Kenneth Cron.
THE year is 2007. A five-seater spacecraft powers away from an aeroplane  quot;mother ship quot; ten miles above the Mojave Desert in the United States and shoots into the stratosphere.
Bangalore, India - India #39;s cricket selectors on Friday picked star batsman Sachin Tendulkar in the squad for the opening match of the Test series against Australia, hoping he will recover from an elbow injury in the next four days.
VATICAN CITY - Pope John Paul II on Sunday moved five Catholics closer to sainthood, including Austria's last reigning emperor and a German nun whose graphic visions of Christ's suffering helped inspire the blockbuster movie ""The Passion of the Christ.""   Cheers went up in St. Peter's Square from a crowd of about 30,000 people when the pontiff finished reading the Latin words with which he beatified the five candidates, and banners with their images were unfurled on the facade of St...
TheDeal.com - The networking gear maker buys privately held network security software developer Perfigo.
Auburn athletic director David Housel stuck to his plan of waiting until Friday morning to assess the viability of holding the game between the 15th-ranked Tigers and No.
quot;The significance of our disengagement plan is the freezing of the peace process. It supplies the formaldehyde necessary so there is no political process with the Palestinians effectively
Local government in UK says it didn't use the open-source OS as a bargaining chip; Microsoft was simply best option.
IBM today released an entry-level Power5-based server tuned for Linux, the eServer OpenPower 720 -- an alternative to the higher priced HP and Sun entry-level Unix and Linux systems.
Reuters - Japan's Nikkei share average slipped 0.55\percent in early trade on Monday after a weak U.S. jobs report\pushed the dollar down against the yen, hurting the shares of\Japanese exporters.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Curse of the Bambino may have  ended this year but Babe Ruth proved to have plenty of clout at  the auction table as the bat he used to hit the first homer at  Yankee Stadium sold for \$1.265 million on Thursday.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Blockbuster Inc. on Tuesday said it was  ending late fees on movies and games from Jan 1. as it battles  to reverse falling rental demand, and forecast operating income  would be flat in 2005.
Stanford University professor and e-voting activist David Dill said the Diebold case fits with a national pattern that is influencing the adoption of electronic voting before its time.
In the high-pressure atmosphere of the Chase for the Championship, any issue that arises will get more than its share of scrutiny from drivers, fans and media.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (AP)  Pakistan published photos Wednesday in newspapers across the country of six terror suspects  including a senior al-Qaeda operative  it says were behind attempts to assassinate the nation #39;s president and offered a large ...
By The Associated Press. Ricky Williams wants to rejoin the Miami Dolphins and has asked the National Football League how soon he can return, his agent said yesterday.
A planned strike by British Airways staff that threatened to disrupt the travel plans of half a million people was halted yesterday after management and workers reached an agreement.
Reuters - The Toronto Raptors dealt four-times
MILTON -- The only thing Bishop Feehan's Ron Conway didn't do yesterday was sell popcorn at halftime. The senior wide receiver/defensive back/kick returner/kicker returned the opening kickoff 90 yards for a touchdown and scored on a 75-yard interception return to lead the Shamrocks to a 27-19 win over Hingham in the MIAA Division 2A Super Bowl at Curry College. It ...
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The former chairman of Lucent Technologies and two other past employees likely will face civil enforcement actions by the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with a bribery investigation in Saudi Arabia, the company
AFP - The US ambassador to the United Nations, John Danforth, resigned less than six months after becoming the diplomatic face of Washington at the world body, the United States announced.
Online payment service PayPal continued to suffer outages Tuesday. Company officials insisted the problems were  quot;intermittent, quot; but many consumers complained they hadn #39;t been able to log on
Tensions ease at the University of Texas at Dallas when administrators reverse restrictions on Wi-Fi use.
Job-cutting continued across the country at a breakneck pace in October, according to the monthly survey by Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas Inc.
Yankees closer Mariano Rivera was headed back to Panama yesterday, a day after two of his wife's relatives were electrocuted while cleaning the pool at his home.
Freed Indian hostages Sukhdev Singh, Antaryami and Tilak Raj were back home on Friday. The three truckers, freed in Iraq after a six-week ordeal, arrived to a rousing welcome from a huge crowd at New Delhi
Embarcadero is shipping Embarcadero Performance Center 1.9, a version of its multiplatform database monitoring product that adds a Web client and management functions for Linux and Unix databases.
By DUNCAN MANSFIELD    OAK RIDGE, Tenn. (AP) -- Oak Ridge National Laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell-shaped atoms of silicon in a crystal...
Whatever you do, don #39;t ask Colts coach Tony Dungy,  #39; #39;Are you ready for some football? #39; #39;. Dungy lambasted ABC, the NFL and the Eagles for the cross-promotion of the network #39;s new hit show  #39; #39;Desperate Housewives
A bricks and mortar music store is transforming into a clicks and mortar presence, as the Virgin Group is launching a music store in the US.
A BRITISH soldier was killed and at least one other injured during a fierce firefight with militia fighters in the southern Iraqi city of Basra yesterday.
A Venezuelan air force plane crashed in the mountainous region in northern Venezuela, killing all 25 people on board, an aviation officials said Sunday.
BAGHDAD #39;S international airport would reopen to civilian traffic after being closed for a week under a state of emergency declared before the assault on Fallujah, Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said today.
Nearly a year after agreeing to buy FleetBoston Financial Corp., Bank of America Corp. has found it still has a lot of explaining to do in New England.
Uruguay #39;s leftist candidate Tabare Vazquez is headed for victory in presidential elections with an estimated 50.9 to 53 percent of the vote, exit polls and pollster projections showed.
Competitors criticise Dell for a lack of engineering expertise, but the company says one significant computer due to launch in November is its own design: its second-generation blade server, the PowerEdge 1855.
By JEEJA PUROHIT    PUNE, India (AP) -- More than 300 scientists from around the world shared information on tracking and curbing the cross-border spread of viruses as they met in India for a three-day seminar ending Wednesday.    ""Emerging infections have taken center stage, not only in public health management, but are intricately linked with the economic welfare of nations,"" said A.C...
The Argentines did not even wait for the final buzzer to sound before beginning their celebration. Luis Scola #39;s dunk with 4.5 seconds remaining prompted Pepe Sanchez to rip off his jersey as his teammates flooded the court.
At first sight there might not be too much in common between this week #39;s decision by the International Cricket Council to overturn Sourav Ganguly #39;s two-match ban and the shenanigans surrounding England and their tour of Zimbabwe.
Suspected Maoist rebels today shot and wounded a policeman and detonated two powerful bombs in Kathmandu as the blockade of the Nepalese capital entered its third day.
Miniaturization advance could lead to highly precise atomic clocks being installed in cell phones and other consumer devices.
AP - Senate Democrats are changing management, their ranks reduced to a 74-year low and their longtime leader defeated for re-election back home.
The broadest measure of the country's trade and investment flows registered a record deficit of \$164.7 billion in the third quarter.
England captain David Beckham has apologised to the Football Association (FA), his team mates and supporters after deliberately getting booked against Wales.
AP - A federal judge held five reporters in contempt Wednesday for refusing to identify their sources for stories about Wen Ho Lee, a former nuclear weapons scientist once suspected of spying.
Sudanese President Omar El Bashir said here Monday that his government is resolving Darfur issue with logic and positive action. In an address to the Sudanese National Council
NewsFactor - Ask Jeeves (Nasdaq: ASKJ) will launch its own desktop search tool on Wednesday, amid the hoopla over similar announcements from Google, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) and Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO). The Ask Jeeves desktop application is based on technology it obtained through the acquisition of privately owned Tuckaroo in June.
The incumbent Afghan leader Hamid Karzai has emerged as the winner of Afghanistan #39;s first-ever presidential election marred by irregularities, head of the joint UN-Afghan election commission announced here Wednesday.
ARLINGTON, Va. -- Bankrupt US Airways says it lost \$232 million dollars July through September, more than twice as much as a year ago.
SHELL Malaysia #39;s Jintan field, located about 275km north west of Bintulu, offshore Sarawak, came onstream on Aug 31. Jintan is the second gas field brought into production, following Serai which came onstream
Contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry's pace of development is slowing, Intel Corp. announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next-generation chips.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The arthritis drug Vioxx, used by 2  million people around the world, is being pulled off the market  after a study confirmed longstanding concerns that it raises  the risk of heart attack and stroke, the manufacturer, Merck    Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;, said on Thursday.
SINGAPORE (AFP): A five-year-old Indonesian girl critically injured in last month #39;s bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta flew to a new life in Italy on Monday after making a spectacular recovery at a Singapore hospital.
Mike Hampton has never won a Division Series game, but he needs to pitch at a top level today to help the Atlanta Braves pull even in their first-round set against the Houston Astros.
Hewlett-Packard Co. today reported net income for its fiscal fourth quarter of \$1.09 billion, compared with \$862 million during the same quarter a year earlier.
PARIS -- Newly armed with Yasser Arafat's medical dossier, his nephew pinned blame on Israel for the late Palestinian leader's death and refused yesterday to squelch rumors of poisoning -- although he acknowledged that doctors found no known poisons.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said 61 percent of PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; shares were  tendered for its \$24-a-share offer, strengthening Oracle's  hostile bid position as it waits to see if PeopleSoft's board  will remove the final barrier to a deal.
An unprecedented election-eve attack on Bush administration policies by a senior figure in the Chinese government suggested that, despite undeniable
AP - The head of a little-known city commission that granted an early jail release to an influential state senator has resigned under fire.
Guwahati, Nov. 21 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, arrived here today from Manipur on a two-day visit to Assam amidst tight security.
Yesterday, in one of its boldest moves, the European Commission agreed to begin talks on admitting Turkey to the EU. But fears run deep of a country of 70 million straddling Europe and Asia.
New world No.1 Vijay Singh has blamed Tiger Woods #39;s form slide on his failure to adjust his golf swing. According to Singh, who has won eight times on the US PGA Tour this year including five of his past six
AFP - A team of state prosecutors from Equatorial Guinea was set to leave Malabo for South Africa to question Mark Thatcher over his alleged involvement in a complex bid to oust President Teodoro Obiang Nguema, a government source said.
The conditions were ideal for a successful Saratoga debut for its native son Funny Cide, but the Spa #39;s reputation as the Graveyard of Favorites prevailed again.
CLAMART, France: Some 20 pro-Palestinians continued a vigil early Saturday outside a hospital here after doctors tending Yasser Arafat said his condition had not changed but refused to respond to unconfirmed reports that the 75-year-old leader was brain
Google will introduce POP3 (Post Office Protocol) support in the next few weeks for Gmail users, allowing them to download their email from the service using mail clients.
It #39;s happened many times before, most notably with dial-up modems and Ethernet interfaces: A new network technology initially appears as an add-on, but over time, the technology
ATHENS (Reuters) - Daniela Sofronie displayed all her  athleticism to edge Romania ahead of the United States in the  Olympic women's gymnastics team qualifying Sunday.
The economic adviser to Russian President Putin tells a newspaper that chasing Yukos for tax bills was a ""serious mistake"".
Chiron Corp. is delaying shipment of its flu vaccine, Fluvirin, because lots containing 4 million vaccines, do not meet product sterility standards, the pharmaceutical company said on Thursday .
Reuters - With a threatened boycott its historic\presidential election firmly relegated to the background,\Afghanistan took first steps on Tuesday to begin counting\votes.
Jose Pekerman was hired Thursday as Argentina #39;s national soccer coach following the abrupt resignation of Marcelo Bielsa. Pekerman coached Argentina #39;s youth programs during the late 1990s and won several championships.
Broadcasters embrace digital service public knows little about.&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
AFP - China signalled to US Secretary of State Colin Powell it will press North Korea to return quickly to stalled talks on its nuclear weapons program, a senior State Department official said.
Foes of the death penalty say fewer Africans than ever before are being hanged, beaten, shot, shocked, stoned or poisoned by their governments.
IBM on Thursday said it has joined the Liberty Alliance, indicating that industry support is shifting toward the identity-management group #39;s standard for using a single ID and password to access Web services across organizations.
Kansas shot 37-of-66 for 56 percent...TCU turned the ball over 23 times and had only 11 assists...Chinweze exited the game with 10 points.
New search engine Accoona launched with great fanfare last night, but hold the applause. It's a promising start, but testing shows Accoona isn't yet ready to play ball in the big leagues.
Bank of New York Co. said Tuesday that its BNY Brokerage Inc. unit has agreed to acquire the execution and commission management business of investment management firm Wilshire Associates for an undisclosed amount.
Sergio Garcia and Luke Donald were having way too much fun during their 2-and-1 foursome victory over Americans Kenny Perry and Stewart Cink on Friday.
The first time I saw Ian Paisley, I was carrying a camera. He kept shaking his fist and grimacing at me every time I lifted it from my waist.
With a fresh dusting of snow and the course bumpy and rutty, Colorado #39;s top two giant slalom skiers struggled Friday in the FIS World Cup women #39;s event.
PC World - Mozilla-based Netscape 7.2 improves printing and integrates instant messaging.
Americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about President Bush's agenda.
India News: New Delhi, Nov 12 : Indian troops deployed in parts of Jammu and Kashmir are expected to begin pulling out within a week, in line with a major decision taken by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ahead of his visit to the troubled state.
NEW YORK -- In his long career at NBC, Tom Brokaw has covered some of the remarkable events and extraordinary figures who have shaped the last quarter-century.
Astros: Houston got rolling under manager Phil Garner, who replaced Jimy Williams at the All-Star break, and an amazing late-season surge carried the Astros to the wild card.
Rich nations pledged an agreement soon on forgiving the debt burden weighing on poor nations in Africa, Latin America and Asia but remained divided on reducing billions of dollars of Iraqi debt.
Difficult questions. Questions about the futures of Felix Trinidad and Ricardo Mayorga. Very likely they will be questions only one of them will be able to answer.
Backers of a Philadelphia Wi-Fi project are worried that a bill going through the state legislature would spike a plan to blanket the city with free or inexpensive wireless access. Broadband Blog
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Axel Bugge&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Russian President VladimirPutin pledged on Monday support for Brazil's bid to join anexpanded United Nations Security Council in a boost for theLatin American nation's ambitions to increase its geopoliticalinfluence.&lt;/p&gt;
Loudon, NH -- As the rain began falling late Friday afternoon at New Hampshire International Speedway, the rich in the Nextel Cup garage got richer.
Soldiers from the Iraqi National Guard show off mortars after militia members delivered sacks of the rounds to Iraqi security forces in the Sadr City neighborhood of Baghdad, Iraq, Monday, Oct. 11, 2004.
Popular television shows like &lt;I&gt;CSI: Crime Scene Investigation&lt;/I&gt; have heightened public interest in forensics. So what is the job of a crime-scene investigator really like?
Reuters - Kiruna, a mining town in north\Sweden, has been invaded by thousands of rats thought to have\crossed the border from Norway with garbage shipments for the\local recycling center, officials said Tuesday.
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Media stocks opened mixed Tuesday, with Viacom and Sony among the largest percentage gainers. Free! Sign up here to receive our After the Bell Report e-Newsletter!
AP - Prodded by a lawsuit, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has agreed to designate critical habitat for the endangered Hine's emerald dragonfly.
NewsFactor - New statistics from IDC's Worldwide Quarterly PC Tracker show that commercial \demand for PCs is rising in tandem with the growing economy, with PC shipment \growth in the second quarter the highest since mid 1999.
Obviously, we #39;re very disappointed, #39; #39; Miami #39;s coach said in the wake of a shocking 31-28 loss at North Carolina.
Lenny Wilkens isn #39;t taking for granted what practically everyone else is -- that a healthy Knicks team will make the postseason.
Reuters - Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony\Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring baseball back to\the U.S. capital was close to dead after the city council\changed the plan to require private financing, a move Major\League Baseball called unacceptable.
Federal agents have initiated a two-pronged attack against online crime by arresting dozens for alleged cyberfraud and raiding a file-sharing network that allowed users to download copyrighted movies and music for free.
William H. Rehnquist, 80, spent the weekend in Bethesda Naval Hospital, and underwent a tracheotomy on Saturday.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Charles Schwab Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SCH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SCH.N&lt;/A&gt; the  biggest U.S. discount brokerage, on Monday said it would cut  trading fees for the second time since June in a bid to  outmaneuver rivals amid fierce competition.
Anaheim Angels outfielder Vladimir Guerrero claimed the American League MVP award on Tuesday, turning what was supposed to be a tight race into a runaway victory.
SINGAPORE: Singapore #39;s two biggest media groups yesterday announced a merger of their loss-making television and newspaper operations just four years after competition was introduced in the industry.
Parties in conflict-torn Sudan made pledges for peace before the UN Security Council, which held extraordinary sessions in Nairobi, Kenya.
Khartoum agrees to allow more African Union troops and monitors in Darfur.
Rod Pampling has never been to the Tour Championship. Justin Leonard has never missed one. Jim Furyk has one last chance to extend his streak to seven years with at least one PGA Tour victory.
The Food and Drug Administration insists that until pharmaceutical giant Merck presented new information this week, there was not enough evidence to pull the arthritis drug Vioxx off the market.
Microsoft will announce the final version of its Windows Media 10 software today when it launches Windows XP Media Center 2005. Central to the announcement is Windows Media Player 10, which integrates MS #39; latest
As PeopleSoft Inc. and Oracle Corp. continue dragging each other into courtrooms across the country, the trials are bringing to light reams of internal documents and discussions usually hidden from public view. Highlights so far from this week's case in Delaware's Chancery Court include:
Microsoft Entering the Anti-Spyware Market\\Microsoft decided to enter the Anti-Virus market sometime back when they bought Romanian antivirus firm GeCad in 2003. And they have been testing the application privately since sometime. No details are out on when and how they will release it. And now, they are contemplating entering ...
Buck Showalter won his first American League Manager of the Year award 10 years ago after leading the New York Yankees back into contention.
BEIJING, China -- Chinese state media Friday said it was crucial the ruling communist party adapt to social changes but gave few clues about an apparent power struggle as a secretive party plenum entered a second day.
Oil prices ended above \$50 a barrel amid concern over possible fighting between rebles and the military in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich delta region.
Honda Motor Co. will own a stake in BAR-Honda for the first time since the Japanese automaker rejoined Formula One racing in 2000.
com December 15, 2004, 2:54 PM PT. SAP is starting a computer security service for its corporate customers, the German software maker announced on Wednesday.
AP - Gunfire crackled around Haiti's capital as hundreds of mourners gathered to bury five police officers killed in a week of violence pitting supporters of the U.S.-backed government and ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Hewlett-Packard Co. will release the final processor upgrade for its AlphaServer line of Unix servers on Monday.
Beijing, Sept 30. (PTI): A 22-year-old university information technology student and another college student in east China #39;s Zhejiang province have been sentenced by Chinese courts for operating pornographic
Shaquille O #39;Neal promised to bring a championship to Miami. And although it #39;s way too early to be thinking about titles, he can #39;t wait to show off his new team to his old Western Conference rivals.
Santander Central Hispano SA, the biggest bank in Spain and Latin America, may drop its 8.2 billion (\$14.9 billion) offer to buy Abbey National Plc if rival bids lead to a long competition
Online security experts urge computer users to update their systems #39; antivirus measures, after a wave of attacks by the Zafi.d worm that have swamped thousands of e-mail servers.
A videotape posted on an Iraqi Islamist web site shows what appears to be the beheading of three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party, which cooperates with the Baghdad government.
HONG KONG Mainland Chinese stock markets dropped less than 2 percent on Friday as most Asian financial markets reacted with surprising calm to the Chinese central bank #39;s announcement late on Thursday of its first increase in interest rates in nine years.
SALVADOR, Brazil -- Eduard Fioza pedals a unicycle up and down a ramp beneath a blue, red, and yellow big top. Jumping off his seat, he darts past a juggler and does a short, impromptu dance.
In a major shake-up of its West Coast programing operations, media giant Viacom Inc. on Tuesday promoted several CBS executives to new roles at the broadcaster and a newly merged television studio.
Sounds like a stupid question doesn #39;t it? A mouse is simply a tool that you use on your computer to point at various things and click on them.
Students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are testing a cellphone system that turns your ordinary phone into a true companion/advisor.
The government yesterday recognised the ceasefire of Northern Ireland #39;s largest loyalist paramilitary group, the Ulster Defence Association, in an attempt to boost the Northern Ireland peace process.
The intracity football debate between Los Angeles #39; most distinguished schools of higher learning, USC and UCLA, started off as expected Saturday afternoon, as the Trojans #39; extraordinary sophomore
Reuters - Taiwan wants to eradicate red imported\fire ants within three years but the pest, which has spread\fear across the island, will be tough to get rid of, an\agriculture official said Wednesday.
A Palestinian man has been killed and six others have been injured in the latest violence in the Gaza Strip. The man - a schoolteacher - died on his way to work after an Israeli missile blew apart a home in the Jabaliya camp, Palestinian witnesses said.
quot;I feel we did not go forward enough and were a little bit within ourselves when we were 1-0 up, we were a little bit cautious.
Microsoft Corp. may choose never to release its vaunted and long-overdue project WinFS, following its removal from the next version of Windows, according to analysts Gartner Inc.
China #39;s population, already the largest in the world, will peak at 1.46 billion in 30 years, straining the country #39;s healthcare system, putting pressure on jobs, and gobbling up a greater share of the world #39;s food and energy resources.
Quincy Carter threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Justin McCareins with 5:32 remaining as the Jets bounced back from an embarrassing loss with an ugly 10-7 win over the Cleveland Browns on Sunday.
Jim Barksdale is probably laughing his fool head off. Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer, the Web browser with which Microsoft crushed Barksdale #39;s Netscape Navigator, is slipping in popularity and it #39;s Microsoft #39;s own damn fault.
When it was all over, Rulon Gardner sat on the mat and removed his size-13 Asics wrestling shoes. Wiggling his nine toes and fighting back tears, he walked away from the sport that made him an unlikely celebrity.
The Italians lost their 100 per cent record in Europe having won their first three matches, but a point at the San Siro was all they needed to reach the knockout stages.
Ziff Davis - The latest version of its Microsoft Operations Manager includes 20 new Microsoft Management Packs that encapsulate intimate knowledge about how specific applications should work, with the aims of cutting operational cost and complexity.
Rain-soaked residents of south-western China began digging out today after floods and landslides that killed at least 161 people, while authorities warned of further rains over parts of the disaster area.
EL FASHER, Sudan -- As the sun set over this desert camp, Private Lambert Sendegeya, an African Union soldier from Rwanda, popped in a tape of music from his country and launched into a series of leg bends. Lieutenant Eugene Ruzianda peered from his canvas tent and, removing his green beret, joined the evening exercises.
""Natural"" heart pacemakers made from human stem cells have been successfully tested in pigs.
Tucked away in the bottom left corner of the United States, the San Diego Chargers were easy to either forget or dismiss as the blueprint for NFL ineptitude.
AP - International Business Machines Corp. said Monday it will provide voice and data services to British financial-services company Lloyds TSB Group PLC for seven years in a deal worth  #36;971.6 million.
Comcast trials will provide a big clue about the software giant's prospects for cable success.
Reported incidents were likely a small percentage of actual problems, group says.
More than 30 people were killed and more than 60 wounded in a rash of suicide car bombs and mortar and rocket attacks in the Sunni Triangle on Saturday as US Marines
The director of Homeland Security's National Cyber Security Division quits, giving one day's notice. His resignation comes during a push by the tech industry and several lawmakers to make cybersecurity a higher priority.
AP - Because President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry were deemed too divisive for the annual Alfred E. Smith political dinner, the crowd heard from former President Bush and former New York Gov. Hugh Carey instead.
MarketWatch.com. Richemont sees significant H1 lift, unclear on FY (2:53 AM ET) LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Swiss luxury goods maker Richemont(zz:ZZ:001273145: news, chart, profile), which also is a significant
The Green Bay Packers return to the site of one of their most bitter defeats on Sunday when they visit the Philadelphia Eagles. The Packers still have the memory of last season #39;s divisional play-off loss to
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , plans on Wednesday to lay off hundreds of tellers and other employees at Fleet bank branches, and ask them to leave immediately, the Boston Globe said on Wednesday, citing ...
The Bush administration on Thursday rejected a call from labor, textile and steel groups for an investigation into the value of China #39;s currency that could lead
Anaheim, Calif. - By standing still, the Rockies seem to be falling in the National League West. The Rockies finished fourth in their five-team division in 2004, behind the San Diego Padres and ahead of the abysmal Arizona Diamondbacks.
Jarrod Moseley, who won the Heineken Classic on his European Tour debut in 1999, must try his luck at the tour #39;s qualifying school - all for the sake of 23 dollars.
Despite intimidation by the ruling Burmese military authorities, the National League for Democracy (NLD) members have continued the signature campaign with increased momentum calling for the release of all political prisoners including NLD leaders Daw ...
Fisher  amp; Paykel Appliance Holdings Ltd announced the acquisition of US manufacturer Dynamic Cooking Systems Inc (DCS) for a total of \$NZ83.
AFP - Britain's manufacturing industries experienced an unexpected drop in output in August, the first time since January 2002 that output has fallen for three months in a row.
A disparate group made up of dozens of state attorneys general, labor unions, retailers, professional sports leagues and others urged the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday to hear a claim brought by the recording and film industries against two Internet file-sharing firms.
General Electric Co., the world #39;s largest company by market value, said third-quarter profit rose 11 percent as acquisitions and economic growth spurred the biggest quarterly sales increase in four years.
European governments on Monday spoke out against a French proposal that the European Union restrict development aid to poorer member states that seek to lure foreign investment with low corporate tax rates.
Philadelphia expanded free outdoor wireless Internet access on Tuesday as part of a multimillion-dollar plan to connect the entire city by early 2006.
The South Korean delegation to the Athens Olympics will file a petition on the case of Yang Tae-young, bronze medallist in gymnastics mens individual all-around event, with the Court of
THE last two Egyptian telecom employees held hostage in Iraq had been freed, Al-Arabiya television reported today, quoting its own correspondent.
PORT-AU-PRINCE, (AFP) - Armed UN peacekeepers and Haitian police evicted former soldiers who were occupying ousted president Jean Bertrand Aristide #39;s luxurious mansion here.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices were a shade  firmer on Thursday, though gains were tentative at best as a  drought of major data left the market at the mercy of volatile  oil price changes.
Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training camp in Gaza today, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25, officials from both sides said.
(Sports Network) - Carlos Beltran may be the newest Killer B in Houston #39;s lineup, but right now he is also the most feared hitter on the Astros.
Reuters - SunTrust Banks Inc. , the No. 7\U.S. bank, on Monday said it put two senior finance executives\on paid leave, and expects to restate first- and second-quarter\profit higher as it fixes errors in how it accounts for loan\losses.
Coach Matt Williams warned against the danger of complacency when Scotland face Japan at McDiarmid Park in the second of the Autumn Tests on Saturday.
Celtic may be out of Europe before Christmas for the first time in four years but their exit after the brave 0-0 draw with AC Milan had a familiar ring to it.
Takeover target Ronin Property Group said it would respond to an offer by Multiplex Group for all the securities in the company in about three weeks.
Science minister Lord Sainsbury says the UK will remain key to the Aurora programme and will head back to Mars.
The executive who leads Microsoft #39;s government sales effort is leaving to become CEO of a telecommunications company, the software maker said on Tuesday.
House and Senate negotiators have tucked a potentially far-reaching anti-abortion provision into a \$388 billion must-pass spending bill.
AP - Thousands of tourists spent hours gazing at Mount St. Helens, packing buildings, crowding parking lots and watching from roadsides to see what the rumbling mountain would do next.
Crude oil futures sank for a fourth straight day Friday, settling beneath \$43 a barrel for the first time in nearly three months and capping a 14 percent decline for the week.
Hurricanes that closed a number of airports in the United States last month did little to trim the growing numbers of air travelers to Britain, the country #39;s airports operator said Tuesday.
One thing that the Olympics have always provided is that hardy perennial known as the  quot;feel-good story. quot; The sort of story in which, against all odds--and with undeniable drama--the farm boy from Iowa who grew up with rickets in one leg ...
Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, New Line Cinema and Warner Bros. Studios will be using the new 30 GB DVD disc format, created by the DVD Forum, an international group of hardware and software companies and content providers.
Crude oil prices surged to a record in New York and London on concern that hurricane damage to production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico will keep supplies from rising enough to meet winter needs.
Trevor Pryce came into training camp in the best shape of his life. It didn't do him much good.
Staggered by accusations that it cheated its customers, Marsh   McLennan will lay off 3,000 employees, or 5 percent of its work force.
SALFIT, West Bank: Arab rivalry reached a crescendo yesterday when Palestinians #39; great musical hope bowed out to his Libyan competition in an internationally televised talent quest.
Ranbir Mahendra was elected president of India #39;s national cricket board after edging out a powerful federal minister at an acrimonious election on Wednesday.
Con il comunicato stampa che trovate qui sotto, ATI ha annunciato  quot;HyperMemory quot; una tecnologia che grazie a particolari algoritmi consente un veloce scambio di dati tra la scheda grafica e la memoria ram di sistema.
Boston #39; Northeastern University dropout Shawn Fanning, who tapped out the code to Napster in 1999, is back in the music downloading game.
Austrian energy drink makers Red Bull said on Monday they had bought the Jaguar Formula 1 motor racing team from Ford who withdrew the team after this year #39;s world championship.
Ireland stopped South Africa #39;s grand slam bid in its tracks as world champions England and southern hemisphere heavyweights New Zealand swept to easy victories in yesterday #39;s internationals.
Ask the Pittsburgh Steelers about the New England Patriots #39; NFL record 21-game winning streak, and it #39;s likely they will turn the question around.
An MIT inventor bent on public service creates practical solutions to life-threatening problems around the world. Her approach: be a master of the obvious. Second in a series profiling this year's MacArthur 'genius award' winners. By Kari Lynn Dean.
Four years ago in Barcelona, when Spain won the Davis Cup for the first time, Carlos Moy cut a rather sad and slightly dejected figure, an outsider who was forced to watch from the periphery because of an injured back.
An anonymous reader writes  quot;What is not being reported much about the fascinating Huygens descent to the surface of Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan, is its remarkable microphone.
SCOTSMAN John Stewart - drafted in to turn around Australia #39;s largest bank - said today the overhaul of National Australia Bank will take several years as he unveiled an  #39;unacceptable #39; 15 fall in the group #39;s full-year cash earnings.
With 24-hour-a-day talk on all things political, the web is the ultimate gauge of public thinking. A new site seeks to capture up-to-the-minute buzz with an index of the most authoritative political bloggers. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
CANBERRA - Prime Minister John Howard plans to base special  #39;flying squads #39; of police in South-east Asia to fight terrorism at the source and stop it reaching Australia.
The Motley Fool - Here's something you don't see every day -- the continuing brouhaha between Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL - News) and PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT - News) being a notable exception. South Africa's Harmony Gold Mining Company (NYSE: HMY - News) has announced a hostile takeover bid to acquire fellow South African miner Gold Fields Limited (NYSE: GFI - News). The transaction, if it takes place, would be an all-stock acquisition, with Harmony issuing 1.275 new shares in payment for each share of Gold Fields. The deal would value Gold Fields at more than  #36;8 billion. ...
QANTAS yesterday shrugged off the exit of its major shareholder, with the stock buoyed by the prospect of more international alliances now that British Airways is off its share registry.
EA, the world's biggest computer games firm, is setting up a studio in China to push online games.
IRISH stayer Vinnie Roe firmed from \$6 to \$5.50 for this afternoon #39;s Melbourne Cup as a storm reached Flemington bringing strong winds and rain.
President Jacques Chirac has been busy talking up the advantages of trade with France on his current Asian tour - but back home the newspapers have been lukewarm on his performance.
The 100,000 electronic voting machines in use in Tuesday's election have a big downside: Candidates who dispute the results won't have a way to conduct a meaningful recount. Analysis by Kim Zetter.
Benoit Peschier was aggressive and precise while a British medal hopeful was timid when the French dominated the men #39;s slalom Olympic kayaking on Friday.
MANILA Fernando Poe Jr., the popular actor who challenged President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in the presidential elections this year, died early Tuesday.
Iran has missiles with a range of 2,000km, says former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani.
The Web glitterati came out for the Web 2.0 conference at San Francisco #39;s swanky Nikko hotel this week. In attendance were Amazon #39;s Jeff Bezos, Netscape cofounder Marc Andreessen, Bill
A mortar attack killed four employees of a British security firm and wounded 15 others in the Baghdad #39;s Green Zone, a fortified area that houses the US and Iraqi leadership, the company and British officials said Friday.
Three foreign UN workers held hostage in Afghanistan have been freed unharmed, almost four weeks after they were abducted at gunpoint on the streets of the capital Kabul.
AP - Cornerback Andre Woolfolk was added to the Tennessee Titans injury report Friday after back spasms forced him to leave practice early.
Javier Valentin #39;s three-run homer keyed a five-run ninth Wednesday night, giving Cincinnati an 11-8 win over Atlanta. Valentin had four hits to help the Reds win for the second time in seven games.
Minnesota decides to suspend Michael Olowokandi for a second game after his arrest early Thursday morning for disorderly conduct.
quot;There were 16 people travelling aboard. ... It crashed into a mountain, quot; Col. Antonio Rivero, head of the Civil Protection service, told.
With the top two commercial Linux distributions based on the Linux 2.6 kernel, the open-source operating system could gain greater footing among enterprise apps.
Reuters - Shares of Medtronic Inc.  on\Thursday sank 7 percent to their lowest level in more than\three months after the medical device maker posted\weaker-than-expected growth in one of its key business units,\sparking at least three broker downgrades.
AP - Forwards Lonny Baxter and Donnell Harvey were cut Thursday by Atlanta, reducing the Hawks' roster to 15 players.
AP - Atlanta Falcons defensive end Patrick Kerney sprained his right knee in practice on Sunday when a lineman rolled on his leg.
Fears of a slowdown in the US economy today eased as factories reported a jump in orders for costly manufactured goods during July.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson says striker Ruud van Nistelrooy will definitely return to the starting line-up for the Champions League Group D clash at home to Sparta Prague on Wednesday.
Priest Holmes spoke of retirement after setting an NFL record with 27 touchdowns in 2003. Yesterday, a day after the Kansas City Chiefs put their star running back on injured reserve, he stated his intention to return next season. Holmes, 31, was leading the NFL in rushing and scoring when he strained ligaments in his right knee Nov. 7. This ...
The chairman of the newspaper industry #39;s circulation-auditing body said Thursday that the organization would work to repair its image, tarnished by circulation scandals over the past year at four large US newspapers.
Solving the nation #39;s spam problem will require a balancing act, legal and privacy experts said today in Washington, DC, at a meeting sponsored by the Federal Trade Commission.
The US outbreak of soybean rust has spread to Alabama and Georgia, the Agriculture Department said on Friday, leaving Texas the lone state in the Gulf Coast untouched by the devastating crop fungus.
AFP - Britain were neck and neck with Olympic minnows Slovakia and Zimbabwe and desperately hoping for an elusive gold medal later in the week.
Iran says its first nuclear reactor, being built with the help of Russia, will not go on line until October 2006, a year later than planned.
The chief executive of WMC Resources has denied the company #39;s share buyback and the sale of part of its business is designed to undermine a takeover offer from Swiss-based Xstrata.
Carlton Fisk in 1975. David Ortiz in 2004. Twelfth inning both times. Hold on to those tickets for this afternoon's fifth game of the 2004 American League Championship Series. The left-for-dead Red Sox are still breathing.
ATLANTA - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis will be sentenced to four months in federal prison and two months in a halfway house after pleading guilty Thursday to a lesser charge in a federal drug conspiracy case.    Under the deal with prosecutors, Lewis would serve his sentence during the NFL offseason...
Caymas Systems made its formal debut Monday, releasing three identity-driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
TORONTO (Reuters) - Vincent Lecavalier's goal 3:45 into  overtime earned Canada a nail-biting 4-3 victory over the Czech  Republic on Saturday and a place in the final of the World Cup  of Hockey.
AP - At his worst, Allen Iverson has been seen as selfish and sullen; contentious and contradictory, a magnet for trouble away from the court.
PARIS : Bago handed the Niarchos Family their first ever Prix de l #39;Arc de Triomphe here at Longchamp racecourse in stunning style.
China has been accused of blocking access to Google News by the media watchdog, Reporters Without Borders. The Paris-based pressure group said the English-language news site had been unavailable for the past 10 days.
AP - Following a mass exodus of offensive stars and starting quarterbacks, defense could dominate the Big Ten this season.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks edged lower by  mid-morning on Friday as a retreat on Wall Street and worries  about record-high oil prices prompted profit-taking in some  technology and bank shares following the market's recent gains.
New versions of the Bagle worm are rolling onto the Internet, prompting antivirus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. said on Monday  that Charlie Bell, its 44-year-old president and chief  executive, had stepped down to focus on battling cancer just  seven months after assuming the top post at the world's largest  fast-food company.
LOS ANGELES : Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group said it was jumping into online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; for US customers offering song downloads for 99 cents.
OAKLAND, Calif. - The way hes been batting lately, Eric Chavez figured Laynce Nix would surely get a glove on his line drive to center field.
Beleaguered parents hunting down a must-have games console for this Christmas are being told to keep on hassling their local games retailer - and keep their fingers crossed.
Peter Boneparth, the chief of Jones Apparel, agreed to buy Barneys for \$400 million. Analysts have questions about the deal.
Drugmaker Cephalon Inc. said Tuesday it received a subpoena from the US Attorney #39;s office in Philadelphia concerning the company #39;s marketing practices.
It #39;s the fight computer gamers have been waiting for. But the latest duel between wise old master Nintendo and challenger Sony is not taking place on a TV screen.
Seven Atlantic 10 teams are ranked in the latest Sports Network Division 1-AA poll, and four of them go head to head this weekend: No. 8 Maine plays at No. 4 Delaware and No. 12 New Hampshire is at No. 10 Villanova. In addition, No. 16 Northeastern plays at conference rival William  amp; Mary, the highest vote-getter outside the rankings.
Reuters - The doubts, the uncertainty, the\mud-slinging that have kept investors indecisive all year are\set to end one week from Tuesday when U.S. voters go to the\polls.
AFP - Canada wants the International Monetary Fund to examine whether the Chinese yuan really is undervalued, giving it an unfair trade advantage, Trade Minister James Peterson said.
A computer screen upgrade has crashed 80,000 government terminals at the Department for Work and Pensions in the UK. EDS and Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) were blamed.
SALT LAKE CITY (Sports Network) - Utah standout quarterback  Alex Smith has apparently decided to take his skills to the  next level, opting to skip his senior season and enter April's  NFL Draft.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber struck at an  entrance to Baghdad's Green Zone government compound on  Tuesday, 24 hours after an almost identical attack on the same  checkpoint, a U.S. military spokesman and Iraqi police said.
MUNICH -- The heart health benefits from fish like salmon and mackerel seem to be weakened when farm-raised fish are fed vegetable oil instead of fish oil, new research indicates.
The Patriots will meet yet another team that has a key player missing because of injury, this time on defense.
LeBron James scored a career-high 43 points last night to lead the Cavaliers to a 92-76 win over the Detroit Pistons at Cleveland. Jeff McInnis added 16 points as the Cavaliers won for the seventh time in eight games.
WMC, the Australian mining firm, turns down a \$5.5bn bid from Swiss company Xstrata but says it is willing to hold talks on a deal.
A graduate of the University of Houston #39;s master of business administration program has taken over the reins of Kmart Corp. as president and CEO.
The company discovers a flaw with a camera lens installed on its popular v710 Motorola phone.
Now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem: bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives.
Los Angeles Clippers forward Elton Brand was suspended one game without pay by the National Basketball Association (NBA) on Tuesday.
By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Concerns about oil production leading into the winter months sent shivers through the stock market Wednesday.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips ended lower on Monday  as stock investors shrugged off lower oil prices to focus  instead on a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores,  but the cheaper crude sent bond and gold prices lower.
There are plenty of reports on the final day of the Expos, how the city that no one in the United States felt deserved a team is finally losing it.
IBM is celebrating a seven-year contract to provide voice and data solutions to Lloyds TSB, as part of the largest European IT deal of its kind, worth an estimated 500m.
Hostilities started in late July, when Real cracked Apple #39;s FairPlay code, meaning songs bought from the RealPlayer Music Store could be played on the iPod - a move that went down very badly over at Apple. Real then decided to ratchet up the pressure by ...
ATHENS All of Greece expected to see Costas Kenteris crowning its Games with a laurel wreath on his brow, his barrel chest swelling in his blue and white athletic singlet, atop the podium in the Olympic Stadium after successfully defending his 200- meter ...
The scramble by big traditional US airlines to become profitable again is leaving many travelers with longer airport layovers. The typical American Airlines passenger connecting
TORONTO Sept. 30, 2004 - Nortel Networks Corp. gave details of a previously announced job cut program Thursday, saying it is cutting 1,400 in the United States by next June.
Andrew Symonds crafted an unbeaten century and Michael Kasprowicz took five wickets to give Australia a 10-run win over Pakistan in a one-day international at Lord #39;s on Saturday.
Dell has taken an aggressive pricing strategy in its competition with Apple in the music player space. Jupiter Research analyst Joe Wilcox reported in his
Harley-Davidson Inc. #39;s third-quarter profit surged 20 percent, revved up by higher gross margin and brisk sales of its brand-name motorcycles and accessories.
UK tissue engineering experts are teaming up with NASA to find treatments for diseases back on Earth.
Val Ackerman, the president of the Women's National Basketball Association since its inception, has decided to step down beginning next year.
MADISON, Wis. -- Anthony Davis rushed for two touchdowns and No. 6 Wisconsin beat Northwestern , 24-12, yesterday with star defensive end Erasmus James and his pass-rushing partner Jonathan Welsh on the sideline.
The scientist who discovered genetic  quot;fingerprinting quot; 20 years ago said yesterday that he has some worries about the use of the technology.
A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority Friday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
AFP - Shaquille O'Neal making his home debut for Miami before a record crowd, scored 17 points and created plenty of chances for his teammates as the Heat defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 92-86 in a National Basketball Association Game.
By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stocks moved higher late in the session on Thursday after Procter  amp; Gamble (NYSE: PG) released a positive forecast for sales and profits.
A scientific model of the North Sea's ecosystem suggests the total stock of fish has dropped from 26 million tonnes to 10 million t in just over a century.
DETROIT - Shift-work sleep disorder - a condition that leaves tens of thousands exhausted, unable to concentrate and struggling to get proper rest - is of concern for workers on the overnight shift.
AP - Hurricane Frances did more damage to the Kennedy Space Center than any other storm in history, tearing an estimated 1,000 exterior panels from a giant building where spaceships are assembled, officials said Monday.
Reuters - Costco Wholesale Corp. , the\largest U.S. warehouse club, posted a 21 percent increase in\quarterly profit on Thursday.
General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it had sold a 60 percent stake in its pioneering Indian business process outsourcing unit for \$500 million, making
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Gov. Arnold  Schwarzenegger vetoed on Wednesday a bill that would have  required the state's employers to give workers written  notification if e-mail and other Internet activity is being  monitored at work.
An aide to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr says Iraqi kidnappers have lifted their death threat on a US journalist. The aide says he has spoken to mediators who say they #39;re working out a way to have Micah Garen of New York released.
WASHINGTON -- Though President Bush wants to move quickly to replace outgoing NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe, it could be at least a month or longer before the Senate confirms a new space chief.
LONDON (Reuters) - A journalist posing as a workman entered  a private area of Queen Elizabeth's official Scottish residence  in the latest breach of royal security, the newspaper behind  the stunt said on Friday.
Here we are again .. my toughest week yet since the last one ... and before the next one, said the ever-embattled but resolute British Prime Minister Tony Blair at the start of a
Ted Lilly's three-hit shutout against the surging Boston Red Sox was barely the best pitching performance in the American League.    Detroit's Jeremy Bonderman struck out a career-high 14 Monday night in a 7-0 victory over the Chicago White Sox, and Scott Kazmir pitched five scoreless innings to win his major league debut for Tampa Bay...
HAMBURG - Champions Werder Bremen run into Bayern Munich for the Bundesliga #39;s top clash on Saturday highlighted by a showdown of in-form strikers Miroslav Klose and Roy Makaay.
Microsoft resurrected its anti-spam Sender ID proposal this week by making changes to appease some critics, and immediately won over one of its biggest detractors: American Online (AOL).
Justin Langer plans to heap more misery on Pakistan after his opening-day unbeaten century revived Australia in the first Test at the Waca.
Iran #39;s foreign minister said Saturday that Iran had every right to keep, for research purposes, some of the centrifuges that could be used to enrich uranium, an indication
Charles Clarke is set to start work as Home Secretary after David Blunkett's shock resignation in a visa row.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rallied on  Wednesday in response to rising oil prices, weak equities and  lower inflation prospects.
Bail was set at \$1 million Monday for a North Carolina man awaiting sentencing in the nation #39;s first felony prosecution of illegal distribution of junk e-mail, or spam.
Reuters - Wall Street was expected to edge higher\at Thursday's opening as oil prices receded from record highs,\easing fears spiraling costs will crimp firms' profits.
The leaders of India and Pakistan met Friday and promised measures to gradually ease tensions between their nations and explore a peaceful settlement for the disputed Kashmir region.
AP - Police found the bodies of a slain Turkish truck driver and an Iraqi man on a highway in northern Iraq, a Turkish diplomat said Saturday.
AP - Shawn Marion had a season-high 33 points and 15 rebounds, leading the Phoenix Suns on a fourth-quarter comeback despite the absence of Steve Nash in a 95-86 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday night.
Mark Thatcher is likely to face questions in a South African court over allegations he funded an aborted military coup in Equatorial Guinea.
IBM is exiting the PC business, but it -- along with some PC competitors -- should benefit.
A spokesperson for the French Defence Ministry has said the medical records of the late Yasser Arafat can be released to certain parties, such as his family.
Microsoft expanded the scope of its spam litigation with a lawsuit against a Web hosting company it has accused of catering to spammers.
Bike owners trying to figure out what to do with their round-key Kryptonite locks (which reportedly can be picked open with the hollow shaft of a Bic pen), should know that Kryptonite is offering to replace the locks, free of charge.
ST. LOUIS  A good outing today potentially could have a two-fold effect for Cardinals starter Matt Morris. Not only will he go a long way toward keeping his team alive in the National
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, yesterday pleaded with both sides in the war over homosexuality to repent for bringing the worldwide Church to the brink of schism.
NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Tuesday refused to meet an Iraqi peace delegation because of  quot;American aggression quot; as US troops pounded militia positions in Najaf near the country #39;s holiest Islamic sites.
The Security Council unanimously passed a Russian-initiated antiterror resolution today that declares all intentional acts of violence against civilians unjustifiable
Gunmen clashed with Saudi police Friday in a town northeast of Riyadh, killing one officer and injuring three, Al-Arabiya television reported.
A STATEMENT purportedly from the captors of two French journalists in Iraq gave France 48 hours from today to accept three new conditions - agreeing to a recent truce offer by Osama bin Laden, payment of \$US5 million (\$7.
COLUMBIA, Mo. -- When proud alumnus Ken Lay donated \$1.2 million in company stock to the University of Missouri five years ago, campus leaders hailed the donation from the then-chairman of Enron Corp.
Mark Hughes says Robert Earnshaw #39;s move to Premiership club West Brom has improved the striker #39;s chances of being in Wales #39; starting line-up.
Reuters - Tom sits patiently in a cage\while Jerry, tethered by a harness, scuttles around sniffing\and scratching the earth.
Microsoft resurrected its anti-spam Sender ID proposal Monday by making changes to appease some critics, and immediately won over one of its biggest detractors: American Online.
Shock jock Howard Stern is quitting his morning show to join a subscription satellite radio network.
AP - With the number of American military deaths in Iraq surpassing 1,000, President Bush said Wednesday ""we mourn every loss of life"" and declared that the United States was making good progress in the war against terrorism.
The European Union #39;s decision to begin entry talks with Turkey has received a widespread welcome. But Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan will face tough questions at home about what he has signed up to.
Not long ago, a Saga holiday seemed synonymous with a coachload of ancient aunts with Thermos flasks heading for the coast. Now the company that has made a fortune out of the  quot;grey pound quot; is
An Arab TV station said Sunday it received a statement from Iraqi militants saying they had freed 10 Turkish hostages. An anchor on Qatar-based Al-Jazeera TV, citing  quot;special sources, quot; said
Johnny Damon stats, news officially laid Cowboy Up #39; #39; to rest as the Red Sox stats, schedule #39; identifying slogan prior to the start of their American League Division Series yesterday at Angel Stadium.
LONDON (Reuters) - Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for  a second successive Champions League title in the best way  possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St. Germain 3-0 in  their opening Group H match Tuesday.
RABAT, Morocco (Reuters) - Double Olympic champion Hicham  El Guerrouj, the greatest middle distance runner of his  generation, plans to retire in 2006 after trying to break the  5,000 meters world record next year.
Syniverse Technologies in Tampa signed a purchase agreement to acquire EDS Interoperator Services North America for approximately \$57 million payable in cash.
This time there was no inspiring rally, nothing that could be labeled a moral victory and no reason for the crowd of 17,595 not to voice its displeasure with a chorus of boos.
In 1973, Catholic guerrilla Gerry Kelly was part of a Northern Irish republican bombing team who attacked London #39;s Old Bailey courthouse.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices rose on Tuesday  after July inflation figures proved subdued and soaring oil  prices pointed to slower U.S. consumer spending down the line.
The Chicago Fire has won the US Open tournament three times in its first six seasons, and Jesse Marsch has been involved in all those titles.
An Islamic militant group that claimed to have kidnapped two French journalists said it would soon decide their fate and an Iraqi negotiator called the chance for their release ""excellent.""
David Wells, the pitcher who once fancied himself as the ultimate Yankee and the ultimate Yankee fan, will be on the other end of the most storied rivalry in baseball
With a hard single to right field Thursday against the Athletics, the Mariners' Ichiro Suzuki posted his 256th hit of this season.
ZDNet is reporting on a script-based threat that spies on Mac OS X users: The malware, which has been dubbed Opener by Mac user groups, has the potential to disable Mac OS X #39;s built-in firewall, steal personal information or destroy data.
Scott Rolen has been nursing a strained right calf muscle for the last month. But compared to his condition when the St. Louis Cardinals were last in the National
Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Cindy Parlow recorded a hat trick for the United States during a 5-1 win over Ireland Wednesday night at Soldier Field.
Stepping up the battle of online search and services, Yahoo Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc. have joined forces to tap each other #39;s customers and put Web search features into Adobe #39;s popular Acrobat Reader software.
New York -- A federal appeals court agreed Tuesday to temporarily seal letters pertaining to the health of former Silicon Valley investment banker Frank Quattrone #39;s wife and teenage daughter after his lawyers protested that a judge was about to make them
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Egypt sent a convicted Israeli spy  home after eight years in jail and Israel released six Egyptian  infiltrators on Sunday in a sign that relations strained by the  Palestinian uprising were warming.
Thailand #39;s Queen Sirikit urged thecountry to unit to solve ongoing violence in the Muslim-dominated deep south. In a emotional plea for peace in the region, the Queen said theinnocent
ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps clinched his fifth gold  medal and became the first man since Mark Spitz to hold four  individual Olympic swimming titles when he won the 100 meter  butterfly final Friday.
Worker apathy about PDA security is putting corporate data in jeopardy. The storage of the names and addresses of corporate customers on PDAs is now common - but security practices are struggling to keep up with technology usage.\
UNITED NATIONS, Sep 15 (IPS) - The UN Population Fund (UNFPA) is dispelling a widespread notion -- prevalent mostly in Western countries -- that population growth has ceased to be a serious socio-economic problem primarily because of declining numbers.
The U.S. military announced Thursday that the courts-martial of three Army reservists charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison would be transferred from Baghdad to Fort Hood, Tex.
Hurricane Frances ripped hundreds of panels from NASA #39;s huge space shuttle assembly hangar and officials feared Monday that another powerful tropical storm heading toward Florida could slow down the return of manned space flights.
Samuel Eto #39;o had a memorable return to the Estadio Son Moix on Sunday as his two first-half goals helped his new club Barcelona defeat Real Mallorca 3-1.
Classmates Online founder Randy Conrads was feeling good yesterday after the company he started nine years ago in the basement of his Kent home was sold for \$100 million in cash to United Online Inc.
The PGA of America is expected to introduce Tom Lehman as the next US Ryder Cup captain in a news conference at Amelia Island today.
The two Greek sprinters who missed drug tests prior to the start of the Athens Olympics today withdrew from the games.
The United States is facing the possibility of a severe economic correction. Yet most of the causes of such a correction are, for the most part, being completely ignored in preference to partisan bickering. It is the proverbial elephant in the living room - except it is not just one, but several elephants that everyone is doing their best to ignore. While the likelihood that any of these issues could result in disaster is low, these are issues worth taking the time to discuss.
The French government's appeal set in motion a swell of solidarity unseen in previous hostage dramas in Iraq.
Developers find themselves pushing harder, agreeing to bend more and working patiently through the unique concerns of landowners.
Sun Microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of Solaris operating system. In. Sun Microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of Solaris operating system.
PONTIAC, Mich. - Five members of the Indiana Pacers and seven Detroit Pistons fans were criminally charged yesterday because of their roles in the Pistons-Pacers brawl last month - a fight that captured national attention.
Ethiopia's government reverses its opposition to an international ruling on its border with Eritrea.
On the same day the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed to cut its daily oil output to 27 million barrels, US Rep. John Larson, D-1st District, sent
The chemical in cannabis that produces a high may help to combat cancer, research suggests.
General Electric Co. violated the law by failing to fully disclose to investors the many perks lavished on its retired chief executive Jack Welch, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday.
Paul Peterson threw two first-half touchdown passes and No. 21 Boston College returned two punts for scores to beat No. 13 West Virginia 36-17 Saturday.
washingtonpost.com - Google's Wednesday initial public offering, despite its failure to price as high or sell as many shares as the company had hoped, still made a host of existing stockholders instant millionaires and billionaires.
A deal to forgive a large chunk of Iraq #39;s external debt could finally be announced this week after key creditor nations came to an agreement at the weekend ending months of stalemate.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. Ltd.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7974.OS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;7974.OS&lt;/A&gt; is sexing up its U.S. advertising to launch the DS  handheld device, promising mature players that the gadget is  not their little brother's Game Boy.
SHANGHAI, China (AP) - China has ordered severe punishment for phone sex operators as part of a sweeping crackdown on electronic pornography, Xinhua News Agency reported Wednesday.
Administration officials said President Bush might name Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state as early as Tuesday.
The 26MB upgrade to version 10.3.6 is available now via the OS #39; Software Update control panel and from Apple #39;s support web site.
Four small security software vendors have teamed up to develop a set of technical criteria for tools designed to secure Web applications. They also invited Cisco and other large IT vendors to take part in the certification program.
Pedro Martinez confirmed on Dominican television yesterday that he has reached an agreement with the Mets, representing perhaps the flashiest signing in team history.
AP - A 4-year-old girl at the center of a trans-Atlantic custody battle that drew attention at the highest levels of French government was turned over to her American father on Friday.
Golfer Tiger Woods went scuba diving Tuesday off a yacht reported to hold Swedish fiance Elin Nordegren and guests, while Barbados #39; ritziest resort, Sandy Lane Hotel and Golf Club, prepared pagodas for a lavish celebration overlooking the Caribbean Sea.
Ziff Davis - This is a great time to have broadband. Also: Dual-connect mobile phones, life beyond iPod, multiple music sources, and cheap backup. #149;Welcome to the Broadband World\ #149;Wi-Fi Phones: A Natural Duo\ #149;More Choices in Music Players...\ #149;...And in Music Services\ #149;Time to Back Up
Critics say the government is using dictatorship-era laws to crack down harshly on indigenous criminals.
Kolkata, Nov 14 (UNI) The Indian cricket team #39;s forthcoming campaign against South Africa suffered a major setback as its skipper Sourav Ganguly was slapped a two-Test ban for slow over-rates in the BCCI Platinum Jubilee day and night match against
NEW YORK For the first time, oil has settled the day priced at more than 50 dollars a barrel. In New York, crude for November delivery rose 48 cents and closed at a record 50 dollars, 12 cents a barrel.
November 10, 2004 - Its not just the wonderful iSeries that comes out of IBM Rochester. The clever folks at the Minnesota hotbed of technical innovation are also responsible for the BlueGene/L supercomputer
Iran's supreme leader threatened Wednesday to pull out of negotiations if European countries press their demand for total suspension of uranium enrichment, as a new round of talks ended without an agreement to avert the possible threat of U.N. sanctions.
AUGUST 23, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The US Postal Service is about to get a \$35 million Web-based human resources application makeover, courtesy of Germany-based applications vendor SAP AG.
KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Tiger Woods failed to make  the most of a red-hot start in the U.S. PGA Championship third  round on Saturday, having to settle for a three-under-par 69.
The Web is filling up with rumors about an alliance between search giant and browser maker Firefox. LONDON (Reuters) - The Firefox browser is looking for allies in its quest to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant
CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - U.S. world number  two Andy Roddick coasted to victory over Belarus teenager  Alexander Skrypko in a dead reverse singles rubber in the Davis  Cup semi-finals on Sunday.
JAKARTA : A deadly bomb blast outside Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta was not linked to next month #39;s Australian elections or forthcoming polls in Indonesia, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Bombs have exploded at three banks in the Argentine capital, two owned by US giant Citibank, killing one man and injuring a bomb disposal expert - but police said the identity of the attackers remained a mystery.
LeBron James has a stellar all-around game with 31 points, eight assists and seven steals to lead Cleveland over Memphis, 92-86.
Washington, DC, remains the No. 1 choice to become the new home for the Montreal Expos, but issues remain, according to two people with knowledge of the relocation process.
Oil dipping almost \$1 doesn #39;t signal the beginning of a major retreat, say commodities experts who suggest crude might never fall below \$40 US a barrel again.
Oil prices were forced higher today by an outbreak of violence in Saudi Arabia and concerns that Opec may cut output. The cost of a barrel of light, sweet crude oil climbed to 43.31 US dollars after gunmen
London - A theory that birds may have had four wings during a stage of their evolution has been given fresh support with the discovery of a new fossil in China.
The International Energy Agency said that higher petroleum prices would hurt economic growth around the world next year.
PC World - We test this next-generation DVD technology, and get mixed results.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Freescale Semiconductor Inc. has won  a long-term contract worth more than 200 million euros (\$246  million) to supply car components to Siemens, the companies  said on Monday.
NEW YORK/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Toys R Us Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TOY.N&lt;/A&gt;  has opened its financial records to more than a dozen  prospective suitors, including a consortium being led by the  retailer's former chairman and chief executive Michael  Goldstein, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
They couldn't be more different. One is the prototype quarterback, seemingly built using the create-a-player function from a video game, standing tall in the pocket and firing laser beams across the field.
washingtonpost.com - Microsoft is going to Tinseltown today to announce plans for its revamped Windows XP Media Center, part of an aggressive push to get ahead in the digital entertainment race.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average fell 0.38  percent by mid-morning on Wednesday as investors took a  breather from the market's recent rises and sold shares of  gainers such as Sharp Corp.
AP - Some black Notre Dame alumni say the recent firing of football coach Tyrone Willingham will hamper the school's efforts to recruit and retain black students and teachers.
NEW YORK : Roger Federer, who has just won his first US Open, is in many people #39;s minds a threat to Pete Sampras #39; record of 14 Grand Slam titles.
Silicon Image #39;s new lower-cost storage appliance should be more palatable to small and midsize businesses. By Martin J. Garvey.
In a potentially huge computer security breach, a hacker broke into a computer at UC Berkeley containing Social Security numbers and other personal data for about 600,000 Californians, the university said Wednesday.
RANGERS manager Alex McLeish has hailed Alex Rae and Dado Prso as the pillars of strength who have helped turn around the clubs derby-day fortunes.
AP - Washington state's resident killer whales, with two newborns in tow, dodged a potentially lethal roadblock in their voyage south to feast on a healthy run of chum salmon, experts say.
Israel has said it would consider any formal request to pull troops away from West Bank cities to facilitate a Palestinian presidential election, ahead of a visit by US Secretary of State Colin Powell.
Reuters - Sears, Roebuck   Co , the largest\U.S. department store chain, on Thursday posted a third-quarter\loss as its clothing sales continued to slide and cuts its\forecast for the full year.
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Oracle is set to kick off its OpenWorld developer conference in San Francisco on Monday, with analysts expecting announcements about product enhancements and at least some words about the company #39;s long-running, \$9.2 billion
The Australian dollar may gain after Switzerland-based Xstrata Plc bid A\$7.4 billion (\$5.8 billion) for WMC Resources Ltd., stoking speculation it will have to buy dollars to pay shareholders.
NEW YORK - High-tech changes in the banking industry will soon be affecting the most mundane of financial products, the checking account.    On Oct...
Sports India, Cricket: Chittagong, Dec 17 : Centuries by Rahul Dravid and Gautam Gambhir guided India to a total of 334 for two wickets at the end of the first day of the second and final Test against Bangladesh here Friday.
The Bush administration is moving toward releasing oil from the nation's emergency stockpiles as a result of disruptions to production and imports caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Intel Corp. will shift to a second-generation strained-silicon technique within its forthcoming 65-nanometer process technology, the company will announce on Monday.
The giant #39;s CFO and Smith Barney #39;s chief swap jobs -- a regular rotation for managers on the rise or damage control in advance?
PC World - Experts will rate potential severity of business security threats.
This is Part 2 of a five-part series covering the experiences of key participants in the Mars Exploration Rover mission. JPL and NASA have developed a structured way of doing business over the years. When you have a schedule crunch like we had, it puts a lot of pressure on that approach and it's almost impossible to do.
About the size of a grain of rice, VeriChip cannot be seen by the human eye and contains a unique 16-digit verification number that is captured by briefly passing a proprietary scanner over the insertion site.
Reports released this week offer evidence of climate change's impact: Plants and animals are dying and showing up in places they shouldn't, the Arctic is heating rapidly and sea levels are rising. By Stephen Leahy.
Michael Schumacher admits there couldn #39;t have been a better place for him to wrap-up his seventh World title than at Spa, a circuit that have instrumental throughout his F1 career.
The firm behind Kazaa is being sued by the record industry in the latest round of a fight over copyright. Lawyers in Australia branded the online software network  quot;an engine of copyright piracy
AP - Outfielder Jose Guillen and the Anaheim Angels have reached a financial settlement to resolve the grievance filed after the team recently suspended him without pay for the rest of the season.
AP - St. Louis defensive lineman Tyoka Jackson is doubtful for the Monday night game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, for whom he played for five seasons, because of a pulled left hamstring. By his count he'd missed only one practice in his career before getting hurt.
AP - Raya Archakova says she's afraid to send her 17-year-old daughter to English lessons after last week's school siege, but not because she's worried about another terrorist attack.
West Indies have been on the wrong end of some serious vitriol this summer, not least in the British media, where they have been accused of fecklessness, indiscipline and general lack of backbone.
NEW YORK - Manufacturing activity rose in September for the 16th consecutive month, but at a more gradual pace than in August, an industry research group reported Friday.
Intel has followed up its patent cross-licensing agreements with graphics processor maker ATI Technologies with a similar one with rival Nvidia.
Didier Drogba scored in the 81st minute as Chelsea won 1-0 at Middlesbrough in English soccer #39;s Premiership to move atop the standings.
Thaksin Shinawatra, Thailand #39;s temperamental prime minister, is so annoyed by criticism of the violence in southern Thailand that he threatened last week to walk out of today #39;s south-east Asian summit if the subject was even raised.
SAN FRANCISCO (AFX) -- American Express said Monday that in light of the Supreme Court #39;s decision against Visa and MasterCard, it will seek partnerships with US banks.
Toronto Sun. They #39;re whistling a new tune in the lockout trenches, not quite the Hockey Night In Canada theme, but more pleasant to the ears than three months of bombast.
DALLAS -- Belo Corp. said yesterday that it would cut 250 jobs, more than half of them at its flagship newspaper, The Dallas Morning News, and that an internal investigation into circulation overstatements
MADRID (Reuters) - Top seed Tim Henman finally won a match  at the Madrid Masters Wednesday, producing a classy display to  beat Spain's Albert Costa 6-4, 6-2, and reach the third round.
China will succeed in cooling off an overheated economy and achieve a soft landing, according to a major Asian Development Bank (ADB) report released on Wednesday.
The United States and Canada signed a declaration on Friday that outlines a plan to clean up the Great Lakes and the major waterways that feed them.
NEW YORK - Though America just celebrated the third anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and most of the economy has more or less recovered, the announcement by US Airways Group that it is
Reuters - The dollar held on to the previous day's\gain on Tuesday, supported by a retreat in oil prices and\upbeat comments on the U.S. economy from Federal Reserve\officials.
A new federal law that entitles consumers to free credit reports sounds great, but the devil is definitely in the details. The Fair
GuruNet Spins Off Answers.com - A Reference Driven Search Engine\\GuruNet Corporation today announced the release of Answers.com, a site-and-software combination providing instant reference answers rather than lists of search engine links. GuruNet Corporation, through its Answers.com site, plans to generate revenues from ads placed alongside its topic entries, rather than ...
Julius Williams is a well-mannered student at East Boston High School by day. Once he steps into his phone booth and straps on his cleats and shoulder pads, he becomes a superhero to Jets fans and a formidable foe to opponents. Williams and the rest of the Eastie squad grinded until there was no mud left in Charlestown yesterday afternoon ...
THE radical cleric Muqtada al Sadr yesterday demonstrated once again his aptitude for self-preservation when he appeared to blink first in the stand-off with Iraqi and US forces in Najaf.
Strong sales of new mobile phone models boosts profits at Carphone Warehouse but the retailer's shares fall on concerns at a decline in profits from pre-paid phones.
When an injury occurs, coaches and players generally pass it off using the age-old adage:  quot;That #39;s football. quot;. However, Dan Milsten #39;s fractured fibula and dislocated ankle during Saturday #39;s Washington-Oregon
WASHINGTON - State laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional, the Supreme Court was told Tuesday, as it heard arguments in a case that could lead to sweeping changes on how
AFP - Raspy-voiced British Rock star Rod Stewart kept a 780,000-dollar cash advance made for an abortive concert tour out of  quot;greed and arrogance, quot; a Los Angeles court has been told.
Last week, members of the Motion Picture Association of America filed 11 lawsuits against hundreds of people they accused of using file-sharing networks to share copies of movies.
AFP - Egypt's telecom group Orascom said it was imposing a news blackout to ensure the safety of two kidnapped engineers held hostage in Iraq.
JACKSONVILLE, FL -- The Jaguars out offensed the NFL #39;s best offense and beat the Colts today at the RCA Dome 27-24.  quot;It #39;s not the kind of a game a defensive coach likes to see, quot; but Jack Del Rio will take it after a combined 800 yards of offense.
Computer chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a third-quarter profit compared with a loss a year earlier and predicted a fourth-quarter pickup in sales.
The electronics giant is betting that consumers are ready to spend a couple grand to up the quality of their home movies.
OTTAWA, Nov. 1 -- Canada #39;s Liberal government reintroduced legislation Monday to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of marijuana, drawing criticism that this could prompt a clampdown at the US border.
No matter what one thinks of Microsoft Corp., the company's reach is so expansive that it nearly always makes news, even when there's little or no media attention at the time. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Jonathan Krim&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Lleyton Hewitt eliminated Karol Beck, a 22-year-old Slovakian who was making his first Grand Slam appearance in the round of 16.
The Wizards are making up for slow starts in the first half with better play and increased scoring in the second half of games.
The new iMac, whose basic model is priced at \$1,299 in the United States, is set to ship worldwide in mid-September, Schiller said.
Sven-Goran Eriksson insists the off-field distractions in Wayne Rooney #39;s private life will not hinder his England career. And while he was unwilling to enter the debate over Rooney #39;s future on the pitch amid
Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US bank, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 29 percent, helped by its purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Australia has forced the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy series into a decider, but only after surviving a stunning fightback by New Zealand in match two at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand.
PeopleSoft's firing of its president and chief executive increased the likelihood that the company would be taken over by the Oracle Corporation.
German software giant SAP AG is teaming with Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) to offer midmarket companies in the U.S. a hosted software offering that includes applications, maintenance, services, and support for a monthly fee.
Four years later, chip maker still struggles to compete with AMD and Intel.
BT Group disposed yesterday of its last remaining stake in a satellite company when it sold its 15.8 holding in the Paris-based Eutelsat for 363m.
Ian Botham has urged the Government to step in and instruct the England cricket team to stay away from Zimbabwe this winter. The former England skipper believes the oneday series arranged for late November and early December should be scrapped.
As an Australian court considers whether Kazaa #39;s parent company should be forced to pay damages for the file sharing that goes on over its peer-to-peer (P2P) network, questions persist about
ASHBURN, Va., Dec. 10 (AP) - Washington Redskins running back Clinton Portis and safety Sean Taylor were fined \$5,000 by the National Football League for wearing red socks in Sunday's game, a violation of the league's uniform rules.
I thought it was over last Saturday night. A lopsided 19-8 Game 3 win gave my beloved New York Yankees a 3-0 lead over the Boston Red Sox in the American League Championship Series.
or whatever amount for which it is written. Under the Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, commonly known
Water is accumulating on the underground roof of the Big Dig tunnels, according to Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly, who said yesterday that his office is trying to determine whether the pools of water pose any threat of damage to the \$14.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger intimated on Tuesday that he would be signing a contact extension  quot;within days quot;. According to This is London, the Frenchman,said:  quot;I #39;ve said many times I am committed to Arsenal
The Federal Communications Commission on Thursday approved rules for transmitting broadband communications signals over electric power lines, clearing the way for the expansion of high-speed Internet access through home electrical outlets.
The crisis in the UK occupational pensions sector seemingly scaled new heights this week as Federal Mogul, the insolvent American car parts manufacturer, finally pulled the plug on the pension fund of its UK subsidiary Turner  amp; Newall.
Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - The Bush administration for the first time on Thursday labelled as ""genocide"" the attacks on black Africans by a government-backed Arab militia in Sudan's Darfur region.
Anaheim Angels designated hitter Tim Salmon will have season-ending operations on his left knee and left shoulder. Salmon was examined Wednesday by Dr.
The head of the UN nuclear watchdog, Mohamed ElBaradei, arrived in Seoul Sunday to discuss South Korea #39;s nuclear experiments after last month #39;s two intrusive inspections.
By request from the United States, British authorities shut down 20 independent media Web sites without explanation, The Guardian reported Monday.
First Command's success in its face-off with Air Force lawyers illustrates how a company with military ties can influence the people who are supposed to monitor it.
Everyone was agreed: this was one of the greatest Test finishes there never was. Rain has seldom been as cruel as the downpour that washed away the thrillingly poised second Test here at Chepauk with India
Is there hope in the Middle East in the aftermath of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, or will the optimistic noises now being made fizzle out into the usual confrontation?
Wall Street is growing increasingly skeptical about PNC Financial #39;s (PNC:NYSE - news - research) proposed purchase of scandal-tainted Riggs National (RIGS:Nasdaq - news - research), which is the subject of a federal money-laundering probe.
Third-quarter trading profit at Abbey National #39;s core retail banking unit was ahead of the first half trend despite uncertainty caused by Santander Central Hispano #39;s 9.1 billion pound swoop.
AP - Green Bay Packers receiver Javon Walker is technically Green Bay's third receiver. Really, though, Walker is becoming Brett Favre's favorite target as they head into their Monday night matchup with the Tennessee Titans.
Amazon.com Inc. reported net sales of \$1.46 billion in its third quarter, while Google reported \$805.9 million in revenue, an increase of 105 over the same quarter last year.
WASHINGTON - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.   ""We are not going to stand by and allow another million African American votes to go uncounted in this election,"" the Democratic presidential nominee told the Congressional Black Caucus...
Pakistan says al-Qaeda suffers a major blow as the country's most wanted terror suspect is shot dead.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Freddie Mac (FRE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US mortgage finance company, on Wednesday said it may face civil action from the US Securities and Exchange Commission for possible violations of securities laws.
St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - St. Louis Cardinals closer Jason Isringhausen underwent successful left hip surgery on Monday. Isringhausen is expected to be at full strength in six-to-eight weeks and ready for the start of spring training.
LONDON, England -- Sheep have shown researchers why stressed-out people are comforted by the sight of a friendly face. Scientists at the Babraham Institute in the eastern English city of Cambridge discovered
TRENTON, NJ A Kansas company #39;s yearly ranking has Camden, New Jersey, as the nation #39;s most dangerous city. The rankings based on crime statistics are detailed in Morgan Quitno #39;s  quot;City Crime Rankings, quot; an annual reference book.
SEOUL (Reuters) - A law urging more human rights in North  Korea passed unanimously by the U.S. Congress showed nuclear  talks were meaningless because America was ""hell-bent"" on  toppling the communist state, the North's foreign ministry  said.
Kneeling in front of her courtside seat, Jessalyn Deveny looked just like a tension-racked bench player watching and hoping for a last-second miracle. Any concerns, however, were sorely misplaced at the end of last night's drubbing of Quinnipiac at Conte Forum.
Lycos is offering its customers a screensaver that helps to launch denial-of-service attacks on spammers #39; websites. The controversial move is designed to use the idle processing power of a computer to slow down the response times from spammers #39; websites.
Reuters - Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. \fell 24 percent on Monday morning after the clothing maker said\a federal grand jury subpoenaed documents from its U.S. unit\regarding commissions paid to a subsidiary outside the United\States.
Intel #39;s board sounded the changing of the guard yesterday, with Paul Otellini being confirmed as the next CEO of the chip giant.
AP - A soldier from an Army Reserve unit whose members refused to deliver fuel along a dangerous route in Iraq says he and others did not act out of fear, as the soldier's father has said.
SAN ANTONIO -- With big, bad Ben Wallace back in the lineup, the Detroit Pistons almost rallied from a big deficit for a big win. A bigger night from their big man might #39;ve helped.
AP - Free Internet-based phone calls are the newest feature of the popular Kazaa file-sharing program.
Richard Hamilton posted 21 points to propel the Detroit Pistons to an 81-69 triumph over the Cleveland Cavaliers at Auburn Hills, Michigan Thursday.
Each day in a Delaware courtroom, the inner workings of the old Walt Disney Co. are on display. A shareholder lawsuit over the eye-popping severance received by former president Michael S. Ovitz
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- SBC Communications on Wednesday became the second major local phone carrier to unveil plans to offer cable-like television services.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei stock average fell 1.51  percent to a five-week closing low on Thursday as poor  machinery orders data followed sluggish growth figures that  undermined confidence in the economy a day earlier.
Games maker and publisher Acclaim, famous for dino game Turok, has filed for bankruptcy in the US.
NEW YORK - With a shot at claiming the No. 1 ranking, Amelie Mauresmo engaged Elena Dementieva in a contest called, Anything you can do, I can do worse.
Jerusalem: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said he would be willing to consider coordinating his unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip with the Palestinians if the new leadership shows willingness to fight  quot;terror quot;.
AP - Javier Valentin doubled in the go-ahead run with two outs in the 12th inning and the Cincinnati Reds played spoiler again, sending the Chicago Cubs to a crushing 2-1 defeat Thursday.
Microsoft Chief Software Architect Bill Gates took the stage of the IT Forum in Copenhagen Tuesday to introduce a handful of tools and a hatful of promises designed to offer relief from managing complex, distributed systems.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's labor unions ended a  paralyzing two-day general strike on Wednesday that grounded  international air traffic, shut financial markets and halted  public services in a dispute over unpaid wages.
An Israeli football team which includes both Arab and Jewish players is to kick off its first big international match on Thursday evening in the UEFA cup.
When Sprint and Nextel Communications merge, they will be competing against their much larger rivals, Cingular Wireless and Verizon Wireless.
The decision is a victory for free speech and Internet-rights advocates who argued that although the law was well-intentioned, its effects were unconstitutional.
South Africa captain Graeme Smith is a doubtful starter for the second Test match against India starting from Sunday in Kolkata.  quot;He hurt his foot in the morning.
BOUAKE, Ivory Coast -- President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa traveled yesterday to the rebel-held north of Ivory Coast, telling cheering crowds that his peacemaking efforts were designed to improve the life of all people in the former French colony and economic hub of West Africa.
Acquisition is expected to help Cisco Systems reinforce its network management offerings.
The UK government's top scientist says atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations are now becoming dangerous.
This weekend sees one of the big games of Serie A - a Milan-Turin clash between Inter and Juventus. Both sides are doing well in the Champions League -ut Juve lead the way in Serie A. Goal.
The Notre Dame message boards are no longer discussing whether Tyrone Willingham should be fired. Theyre already arguing about whether the next coach should be Barry Alvarez or Steve Spurrier.
While Tiger Woods was getting married beside the waters of the Caribbean, beside the slightly chillier waters of the North Sea here the two best golfers in the world will be contesting the Dunhill Links Championship.
TORONTO -- Martin Brodeur took one for the team. After sitting out yesterday #39;s morning skate, Canada #39;s top goalie chose to bow out of last night #39;s World Cup of Hockey semi-final victory over the Czech Republic because of his left wrist injury.
ROME : Alitalia bosses and union and government officials forged a deal to save the troubled Italian flag carrier after thrashing out the details of redundancy payments for 3,700 workers who will lose their jobs in a restructuring plan.
He should save the tears: Unlike most senior quarterbacks at Harvard, he might not be saying good bye to football after The Game against Yale on Saturday.
Indonesia #39;s chief of police is to investigate allegations that the most wanted terrorist in the country, Dr Azahari Husin, escaped arrest by bribing a policeman.
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Fremont Investment Advisors agreed Thursday to pay \$4.1 million to settle federal and state regulatory allegations that it permitted market timing and late trading in its funds.
The Friedrich Christian Flick Collection, one of the most significant collections of contemporary art in the world, will be presented to the public for the first time at a large-scale special exhibition, opening on 22 September 2004.
Cabinet minister Patricia Hewitt says the entire Cabinet is sorry for the failings in intelligence used to justify the war in Iraq.
The parents of British soldiers killed in Iraq were among thousands of protesters who joined an anti-war march through central London yesterday.
MARK COLVIN: The Foreign Minister, Alexander Downer, has met North Korea #39;s Foreign Minister and the President of the Supreme Peoples #39; Assembly in Pyongyang. As one of the few Western nations with diplomatic relations with the isolated totalitarian state, ...
Shed no tears for Rulon Gardner. Yes, that really was Gardner, the only man brave enough to not just stand up to the invincible Alexander Karelin but to beat him, nearly
Check Point Software Technologies Inc. (CHKP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a rise in third-quarter net profit that beat Wall Street estimates on strong
WASHINGTON - Time Warner Inc. agreed Wednesday to pay \$210 million to settle criminal securities-fraud charges brought by the Justice Department against the company #39;s America Online unit.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - Rockets struck a Baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists late Thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the precarious security in the heart of the Iraqi capital. Outside Baghdad, roadside bombings killed two more American soldiers...
Iraq is considering an overall weapons amnesty as a deadline for Baghdad fighters to cash in arms is extended.
Officials at Microsoft (Quote, Chart) took advantage of their new arrangement with Novell (Quote, Chart) to launch a promotion to get US customers off the NetWare operating system and onto Windows Server 2003.
The US is poised to push Japan off the top of the supercomputing charts with an IBM prototype machine.
There #39;s a common misconception in the world of sports often voiced by beer-toting fans as if it were defensible in a court of law.
CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Oil exports by Venezuela  have not been disturbed by the referendum on the rule of  President Hugo Chavez, shipping sources said late Sunday.
AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and their responses:
Internet service providers and other technology firms are proposing to soften a bill in Congress that they claim will make them targets of frivolous entertainment industry copyright lawsuits.
AP - Braves left-hander Mike Hampton missed his scheduled start Monday against the Philadelphia Phillies because of a stiff neck.
Subscribers of the company's Net phone service can get information on park locations, public transit, and so on.
TEHRAN -- Hoping to avoid a UN showdown, Iran and the European Union's three big powers reached a preliminary agreement over Tehran's nuclear program, Iran's chief negotiator said yesterday.
BEA Systems continues to see an exodus of high-level executives, with Chief Marketing Officer Tod Nielsen exiting this week.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants pounded central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar barrages ever, targeting the Green Zone and destroying a U.S. vehicle along a major street...
German security company says it found minor problems in SP2; researchers predict more critical issues will emerge.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim president told George W.  Bush at the White House on Monday that the ""armies of darkness""  would not stop Iraqis voting next month, even though there is  no let up in insurgents' efforts to wreck the election.
Totmianina fell to the ice at the event in Pittsburgh on Saturday when her partner Maxim Marinin was performing a one-handed lift.
NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks falling sharply Thursday as crude oil prices surged near \$55 per barrel and General Motors Corp. issued a disappointing earnings report...
TABA, Egypt/EILAT (Reuters) - Bomb blasts hit Egyptian Red  Sea resorts crowded with vacationing Israelis, killing at least  15 people in back-to-back attacks which Israeli officials said  appeared to be the handiwork of al Qaeda.
NEW DELHI -- India test-launched a nuclear-capable missile able to carry a 1-ton warhead yesterday, the Defense Ministry said. The weapon has a range of up to 1,560 miles -- easily within striking distance of any of India's near neighbors -- and is designed to carry both conventional and nuclear warheads. The Agni II was launched at India's test range ...
On Sunday, the day after Ohio State dropped to 0-3 in the Big Ten with a 33-7 loss at Iowa, the Columbus Dispatch ran a single word above its game story on the Buckeyes:  quot;Embarrassing.
LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - A European Union judge will weigh on  Friday whether Microsoft should be forced to remove its music  and video player from its Windows operating software, in a  second day of hearings at the EU's second-highest court.
Reuters - At least 23 people were killed in a landslide which hit a mountain village in southwestern China, where the search for missing people has been halted by fears of further slides, state media reported on Saturday.
The White House praised the Israeli parliament #39;s approval of removing settlements from Gaza and part of the West Bank as a step forward in peacemaking with the Palestinians.
AP - An autopsy confirmed that NHL player Serge Zholtok died from heart failure after playing a game this week in Belarus.
Police shoot and kill an armed man who had taken a woman hostage in a dramatic stand-off in the Canadian city of Toronto.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks slipped on Monday, reversing an  early rally, after disappointing U.S. employment data rekindled  investor worries about weak economic growth and lackluster  corporate profits.
AP - Red Sox bats that knocked balls over fences all season flailed wildly at them in the first two games of the AL championship series.
Aaron Heilman's start was over by the fourth inning on Monday night as the San Diego Padres rattled him and then rolled to a victory at Shea Stadium.
By a curious twist of fate, the job of rescuing Russian oil giant Yukos has fallen to an American who arrived in Moscow just over a year ago -- and who still needs a translator #39;s help.
PITTSBURGH The trial for a troubled boxer charged with shooting his then-girlfriend after a traffic mishap has been delayed until next month.
Johnson   Johnson, the pharmaceutical and health care giant, is near a deal to buy Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses.
AP - Shoppers rediscovered their urge to splurge in September, catapulting retail sales up by the largest percentage gain in six months. Industrial activity was restrained, meanwhile, partly because of hurricanes.
Orange announced the commercial availability of Talk Now, Europes first advanced Push-To-Talk service. Over the last nine months, Orange has engaged in customer trials across Europe to develop and refine
Stocks moved narrowly higher in early trading Monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
First-half profit at J Sainsbury has tumbled almost two thirds as Chief Executive Justin King battles to regain market share and restore financial health to the country #39;s third-largest foodseller.
NewsFactor - Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) and Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) -- two Washington state companies with a massive \presence online -- have teamed up to fight what is fast becoming the No. 1 scourge on the Internet.
WATERLOO, Ont. - Research In Motion, which has seen demand for its BlackBerry wireless e-mail devices soar this year, reported another strong quarter today with revenues more than doubling to \$310.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers turned gloomier in  October, beset by soaring energy costs, relentless violence in  Iraq, sluggish hiring and an increasingly bitter presidential  campaign.
REAL, Philippines -- Rescuers are battling to reach thousands of people left stranded in the Philippines, where storms have left 1,000 people dead or missing.
MOSCOW Yukos, Russias largest oil producer, had another bad news day Friday as its huge tax bill ballooned again. The Tax Ministry raised its claim against Yukos by \$700 million for 2001, bringing the total
Hurricane Jeanne caused at least five deaths, making landfall almost exactly where Frances did over Labor Day weekend.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen killed 11 Iraqi policemen and  wounded six Friday when they stormed a police station in  southern Baghdad, survivors of the attack said.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Wednesday,  with high oil prices and a spate of profit warnings weighing on  the market.
Chinas annual inflation rate dropped sharply in November, heartening policy makers who have been striving to cool the economy and reducing chances of a further rise in interest rates in the near term.
The sovereignty of Lebanon has suddenly become an issue of regional and global interest, including resolutions in the US Congress and the United Nations Security Council.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow on  Friday said higher oil prices were a risk to global growth, but  were unlikely to trigger a recession.
Quarterback Quincy Carter signed with the New York Jets on Tuesday, three weeks after his surprising release by Dallas. Carter, who started every game for the Cowboys last season, was released Aug. 4, before the team #39;s first exhibition game.
Swedens Johan Edfors and South Africas Darren Fichardt both went to the turn in 32 today to take over the lead in the Madrid Open.
com. DENVER (News 4) Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony says he has a tactic when he finds himself in frustrating situations with opposing fans.
RealNetworks Inc. will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers.
A 25-year-old Kitchener, Ont. man is being sued again, this time by giants Microsoft and Amazon.com, for allegedly clogging cyberspace with fraudulent junk mail.
OCTOBER 25, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Google Inc. this month began offering a beta version of a desktop search application that catalogs files, e-mail messages and other information stored on PCs and then enables end users to run searches against the data.
07.11.04 - By Eddy Manning: The word impressive could only be used as a mere understatement when summing up IBF Junior Welterweight champion Kostya Tszyus performance tonight.
Formula One has signed a five-year agreement to hold a race in Cancun starting in 2006, joining NASCAR in heading south of the border.
Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O is planning to release a new version of its Office program for small businesses that handles accounting and customer management tasks, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Friday.
WASHINGTON -- The trade deficit jumped to the second-highest level in history as surging demand for foreign oil swamped a small gain in US exports, the government reported yesterday. America's trade gap with China hit a record high as retailers stocked up on cellphones, toys, and televisions in preparation for Christmas sales.
Reuters - The harvesting of stem cells from\human embryos will continue to be funded by the EU, the\incoming European Union research chief said on Friday, vowing\to keep an open mind while taking ethical views into account.
Looking for an answer to a specific question?  Check out this list of the best reference sites of 2004, as compiled by the American Library Association.
Evgeni Plushenko and Irina Slutskaya delighted the home crowd Saturday by winning the Cup of Russia with superb free skating programs in Moscow.
Lawrence Frank was watching on television when Dirk Nowitzki scored 41 points for the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday night. The Nets #39; coach certainly was impressed, but also thankful that Nowitzki
Yahoo! has purchased a privately held e-mail software company that develops software technology that allows users to quickly search through mails and attachments.
AP - More than  #36;1 billion in federal aid to help schools and libraries connect to the Internet is being delayed by a bookkeeping change that has tied up the money.
High-stakes elections are likely to reinforce President Chen Shui-bian's drive to bestow more trappings of independence on this self-governing island despite warnings from the Chinese government and the U.S.
Nokia Oyj, the world #39;s largest mobile- phone maker, said profit may drop for a second straight quarter after reporting a 20 percent decline in third-quarter earnings as it cut prices in a bid to regain market share.
AP - Carlos Moya defeated Andy Roddick 6-2, 7-6 (1), 7-6 (5) on Sunday to win the Davis Cup for Spain, giving the home team an insurmountable 3-1 lead in the best-of-five final on clay.
MIAMI -- As Hurricane Jeanne gained speed and moved closer to Florida Saturday, the Miami Dolphins announced that their home game against the Steelers has been postponed.
Chuck Harris remembers when the Internet was fun and he #39;d spend hours reading his favorite news sites, checking the church calendar, browsing the shops.
WM Morrison shares jumped sharply yesterday after it reported strong sales at Safeway stores converted to the Morrisons name and said it would speed
Coca-Cola's chief executive yesterday said the world's largest beverage maker needs to work harder, better execute its strategy, and improve its culture as he warned that third-quarter per-share income will drop at least 24 percent from a year ago. In a speech to employees, CEO Neville Isdell said:
Shares in Telstra rose slightly following the news chief executive Ziggy Switkowski would step down - but the focus remains on who will step up to take the job.
Parma, Italy (Sports Network) - Parma fired coach Silvio Baldini Monday after a loss to Livorno on Sunday left the club near the bottom of the table.
Forget foosball. Just like the 40 designers and engineers at IDEO, the firm has to work. The black foam cubes hanging from the ceiling are playful, but they also muffle sound. Spandex eye screens, looking like kites floating above individual work spaces, shield works-in-progress from passersby. Lumasite panels set on wheels, not quite transparent, provide privacy when needed -- then ...
As Frances continued its move toward the Panhandle with strong winds and constant rain, the Seminoles practiced inside Monday. Although coach Bobby Bowden had
AP - Justice Sandra Day O'Connor extolled Wednesday the growing role of international law in U.S. courts, saying judges would be negligent if they disregarded its importance in a post-Sept. 11 world of heightened tensions.
Jerry Rice of the Oakland Raiders failed to catch a pass for the first time in 274 games, ending the longest streak in NFL history.
The Big East will undergo an extreme makeover next year when Boston College departs for the Atlantic Coast Conference and DePaul, Marquette, Cincinnati, Louisville, and South Florida arrive to expand the league into a mega 16-team basketball conference.
The accounting firm KPMG has agreed to settle a shareholder lawsuit claiming the company failed in its audit of a software company which later collapsed.
MFORMA Group and Marvel Enterprises announced that the companies will bring content based on Marvel #39;s brands to mobile phone users.
The selloff of Royal Group Technologies continued on the TSX today, with the stock off by another 6 per cent at mid-day as the company tried to shake off concerns of fraud allegations directed against the chairman and chief executive officer.
Reuters - Sachin Tendulkar cracked a career-best 248 and Irfan Pathan grabbed his maiden 10-wicket haul to take India to the verge of victory at tea on the third day of the first test against Bangladesh on Sunday.
Construction of a 230,000-volt transmission line will begin in January and residents should expect all the usual construction issues that accompany any large project, Pacific Gas  amp; Electric Co.
AP - Pig manure in Chile will keep neon lights glowing on Tokyo's Ginza in years to come. It's a grand north-south tradeoff to slow global warming: You reduce your ""greenhouse gas"" emissions so I don't have to cut back on mine.
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his  political life and where biographers say he was born, will host  a military funeral for the Palestinian president on Friday  before he is buried in the West Bank, officials said.
AP - Gianfranco Fini, a right-wing leader who has turned his party from Neo-Fascist to mainstream conservative, was appointed Thursday as Italy's new foreign minister, a Cabinet minister said.
AP - Larry Bowa's fiery personality was a perfect fit as a player on Philadelphia's 1980 championship team. It was too much for the Phillies he managed, though, and it was one reason he was fired Saturday, a day before the end of yet another disappointing season.
Consumers spent frugally for a fourth straight month in September, giving major retailers only modest gains during the critical back-to-school season.
Syracuse football coach Paul Pasqualoni has received a vote of confidence from athletic director Jake Crouthamel, and Chancellor Nancy Cantor announced Monday night that Pasqualoni would return in 2005 for his 15th season as head coach.
AP - Mel Thomas led No. 11 Connecticut with 12 points, snapping St. John's 11 game-winning streak with a 60-32 victory on Sunday.
As it readies Solaris 10, Sun develops an open-source project modeled on Apple's Darwin and Red Hat's Fedora.
The Viry technical director is aiming for perfect reliability through to the final race of the year. Beginning this weekend in Monza.
Thursday #39;s pro-Oracle Corp. decision on the US Department of Justice #39;s attempt to block Oracle #39;s proposed takeover of PeopleSoft Inc.
The New York Mets hired two special assistants Tuesday, getting former major leaguer Tony Bernazard from the players #39; union and grabbing Sandy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
XM Satellite Radio and radio manufacturer Delphi yesterday introduced the Delphi XM MyFi, a portable, handheld satellite radio receiver the companies hope will lure more consumers to a medium currently limited to car and home units.
THERE was room for only 50 people in the tiny Georgetown, Delaware, courtroom last week to hear Walt Disneys former president describe bitterly how his 14-month tenure ended.
AP - Someday, Jeff Garcia and Terrell Owens may connect again. Someday, the former teammates may be able to talk, shake hands and repair their ruptured relationship. And maybe, just maybe, they can become friends again. Someday. Not this week.
AP - A survey of deaths in Iraqi households estimates that as many as 100,000 more people may have died throughout the country in the 18 months since the U.S.-led invasion than would be expected based on the death rate before the war.
Brazil recognized China as a market economy on Friday, a move that should make it easier for the two countries to do business. Brazilian oil giant Petrobras and China Petroleum and Chemical Corp.
Canadian Press - VIENNA, Austria (AP) - The UN nuclear watchdog agency failed Monday to make a judgment on the origin of some technology for Libya's weapons program, a finding that diplomats said kept concern alive of North Korean involvement.
Reuters - Authorities in southern Vietnam have shut\down 65 Internet cafes and kiosks after finding hundreds of\addresses of pornographic and anti-government Web sites on\their computers, a newspaper reported on Friday.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, in Asia to prod North Korea to return to talks on ending its nuclear programs, said Sunday that while there is still time to resolve the impasse, ""there is a sense of urgency.""
China #39;s policy of fixing the value of its currency to the dollar has made government efforts to slow its economy more difficult, the US Treasury Department said in a semi-annual report
Microsoft has rolled out its long-planned response to Google and Yahoo in the Internet search industry, but with an uncharacteristically soft-sell approach.
Troubled King Pharmaceuticals' latest accounting woes threaten to scuttle its merger with Mylan.
Russia #39;s once mighty armed forces are riddled with Clockwork Orange-style sadism where senior soldiers subject their junior colleagues to vicious beatings, torture, sexual violence and death threats, a report claimed yesterday.
During a Senate hearing Thursday regarding Vioxx, the arthritis blockbuster pulled off the market in September over concerns about increased risk of heart attacks and
Kuala Lumpur (VNA) - Malaysia #39;s Animal Health Service on Tuesday reported that the country has discovered three more bird flu outbreaks in Kelantan State in the northeastern region.
Paralympics boss Phil Craven today warned of a zero-tolerance policy towards drugs cheats after he was confronted with the first doping scandal of the Athens Games before the event has even started.
The signal is clear: In the tug of war between Big Telecom and little governments, the powerful lobby is winning, which could have major implications for how wireless Internet service is doled out countrywide. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Hudson #39;s Bay Co., Canada #39;s biggest department store chain, said it had its first second-quarter net loss in seven years as unseasonably cool weather damped demand for summer clothing.
Berlin - The United States (US) Treasury Secretary John Snow has flown into Berlin at the weekend on a budget flight - and pledged to cut the US deficit in half.
Boston Celtics captain Paul Pierce apologized for arguing with coach Doc Rivers, one day after being benched for not hustling.
UK government officials said they were seeking to corroborate reports by Abu Dhabi television that British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been killed.
Shares in animation giant Pixar set new records, boosted by high hopes for its new film The Incredibles.
Israel yesterday announced plans for 500 new housing units in the West Bank, just days after announcing plans to build another 1,000.
The Cassini spacecraft has returned the best-ever view of the icy Tethys, one of the moons of Saturn, depicting its battered 1060km-diameter surface in this photograph released by Nasa.
London 2012 Olympic bid leaders yesterday insisted that the capital has a realistic chance of winning the right to host the next but one summer games despite starting the campaign behind the clear favourites, Paris.
The FDA probably will not approve a patch for women suffering from hypoactive sexual desire disorder, as an advisory board believes more evidence is needed to prove the drug is safe. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Former Olympic boxer Brian Viloria of Wiapahu, Hawaii, knocked out Angel Priolo of Colombia in the seventh round of a scheduled 12-round flyweight bout Thursday night at the Grand Olympic Auditorium.
Karam Abu Najib (center, 14) and friends brandishing some of the exploded bottles used in their deadly game with the Israeli military.
A FATHERS #39; rights activist dressed as Batman, who clambered onto a ledge at Buckingham Palace, has ended the protest after five-and-a-half hours.
AFP - Liverpool went fifth in the Premier League with a 2-1 win away to relegation-threatened Norwich.
Entering a road contest on Saturday against defending ACC champion Florida State, the Cavaliers are ranked in the top 10 in the country in seven different categories.
Ask Jeeves Inc. is getting personal with Web search and trying to leapfrog its bigger competitors in the process. The Emeryville, Calif.
First Command Financial Services agreed to pay \$12 million to settle accusations that it used misleading information to sell mutual funds to military officers.
Virgin Mobile UK, the UK mobile virtual network operator, is boosting its mobile data capabilities through a key deal with InfoSpace Mobile.
Cybertrust will combine identity management and PKI products from Betrusted, risk management and compliance services from TruSecure, and intrusion detection and prevention technology from Ubizen, a subsidiary of Betrusted.
washingtonpost.com - RCN Inc., co-owner of Starpower Communications LLC, the Washington area television, telephone and Internet provider, filed a plan of reorganization yesterday that it said puts the company on track to emerge from bankruptcy by the end of the year.
Australia's neighbours dismiss Prime Minister John Howard's plan for pre-emptive strikes oversees.
Braselton --- Mat Mladin took the first step toward sewing up a fifth AMA Superbike title, fighting off a charging Miguel Duhamel to win Saturday #39;s round of the weekend Suzuki Superbike Challenge.
MILAN (AFP) - Top officials from Fiat of Italy and General Motors were conferring in a bid to settle differences on Fiat #39;s option to sell its loss-making car operation to the US auto giant, a dispute that threatens their four-year-old collaboration.
In a landmark overhaul of pay eligibility, the Labor Department and unions clash over how much clarity has really been attained. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
AP - Two explosions echoed across the Iraqi capital Sunday. It was not immediately clear what caused the late afternoon blasts.
BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - All nine antidepressants studied  by regulators raise concerns about a higher risk of suicidal  behavior in children and teens who take the drugs, a U.S.  advisory panel said on Tuesday.
TEL AVIV, Israel - Israel's army will operate in the northern Gaza Strip until all Palestinian rocket fire against Israeli towns is halted, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said late Saturday in an interview on Israel Radio.    Sharon spoke as his forces ended the fourth day of an invasion in which 50 Palestinians and five Israelis have been killed...
OCTOBER 04, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The turmoil surrounding PeopleSoft Inc. and the uncertainty about its future both increased another notch on Friday after the software vendor announced that its board had
Oracle announces a blowout quarter and a deal for PeopleSoft at \$26.50 per share.
Anthony Elgindy, the San Diego stock adviser accused of gaining confidential government information from an FBI agent in a stock manipulation scheme, looked attentively at the jury yesterday as
ATHENS, Greece -- I could see Vanderlei de Lima of Brazil running almost straight toward me. The 5-5, 119-pound marathon competitor had started with the rest of the men in the hill town of Marathon, the place where it all began 2,494 years ago.
The humiliation of unranked Michigan at the hands of No. 4 Georgia Tech on Tuesday night requires no other description. The Yellow Jackets used a 20-0 run less than eight minutes into the game
In a stunning blow to the U.S., Americans Ian Crocker and Jason Lezak miss the cut in the 100-meter freestyle preliminaries.
Engineers and vehicles carrying liquid fuel have been seen gathering at North Korean bases housing missiles capable of striking most of Asia and parts of the United States, a Japanese newspaper said on Sunday.
Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , at the center of a bid-rigging scandal rocking the insurance industry, on Tuesday said it will cut 3,000 jobs and said
BERLIN : Germany and France both support inviting to European Union membership talks at a summit in December in Brussels, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Indians front office wants to find out why one of its players got shot on the team bus Wednesday night in Kansas City.
Halliburton will restructure and may even sell  its controversial KBR subsidiary, which is mired in overcharging scandals in Iraq.
Grace Park, her caddie - and fans - were poking around in the desert brush alongside the 18th fairway desperately looking for her ball.
Reuters - The United Nations is sending\extra peacekeepers to Congo's North Kivu province, which will\improve security in the area after Rwanda threatened to carry\out a strike against rebels operating on Congolese soil, a U.N.\spokesman said on Wednesday.
AUGUST 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Web browsers are our windows to the Internet. They enable us to navigate about the Internet with ease and they help secure us and protect our privacy when we conduct online transactions.
US SOLDIER KILLED IN AFGHANISTAN. An attack on a patrol killed an American soldier in Afghanistan, the third US fatality there this week, the military said yesterday, amid a flurry of attacks that wounded
More than 10,000 US forces are poised to attack and occupy the rebel operations base of Fallujah.
Australia piled on the runs today to set Pakistan an improbable 564 to win the first Test in Perth. The hosts lost Matthew Hayden early in the third day but Justin Langer, Ricky Ponting and Damien Martyn scored
KINGSTON, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan lashed Jamaica with giant waves and winds nearing 155 mph early Saturday, but as panicked residents braced for a direct hit, the storm unexpectedly wobbled and lurched west, possibly sparing the island the worst of its fury.    The change in course could be good news for hurricane-weary Florida, since Ivan may now head off into the Gulf of Mexico...
THE Bank of England #39;s monetary policy committee kept Britain #39;s 11m homebuyers, businesses and the City happy today when it left interest rates on hold at 4.75 for the second month in a row.
The regular Monday Morning contributors will return to this page next week, as will the weekly poll.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents detonated at least two bombs  near a U.S. military convoy in southern Baghdad on Thursday,  killing at least 16 people, while a suicide bomber killed two  Iraqi police and a U.S. soldier west of the capital.
Reuters - After peering inside NASA's broken\Genesis capsule with flashlights and mirrors, scientists said\on Friday the craft's unexpected crash landing left solar\material intact and most scientific objectives within reach.
Cleveland Cavaliers youngster LeBron James scored 26 points in his side #39;s 96-74 victory over the Chicago Bulls to become the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 points.
Reuters - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday,\with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil\producer stocks bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through\the  #36;50 a barrel mark.
Legislative candidates made their final appeals to voters Saturday in a fiercely contested political showdown that could give pro-democracy opposition figures the most clout they #39;ve had since Hong Kong was returned to China.
HOUSTON - The Houston Astros charged into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado 5-3 Sunday to win the NL wild card.    Brandon Backe filled in admirably for an ailing Roger Clemens, pitching five strong innings and driving in two runs...
President Arroyo acknowledged for the first time yesterday that the Philippines is in a  quot;fiscal crisis quot; and urged the public to prepare for  quot;pain, quot; as economists warned of debt default within three years.
Nextel Communications Inc. on Wednesday said it plans to offer Yahoo Inc. products and services over the Nextel wireless network. Under the deal, Nextel subscribers will be able to log into
LONDON: Britain has charged eight terrorism suspects and said one had plans which could be used in terror attacks on US financial targets in New York, New Jersey and Washington.
Whether mopping up a battlefield or living room floor, the robot maker is working on vehicle to get the job done.\
International Business Machines Corp. (IBM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said it is making the design of its  quot;blade quot; computer servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider
A jury in a torture trial of an alleged Afghan warlord is discharged after failing to decide a verdict.
Eric Shelton scores his fourth touchdown from one yard out with 37 seconds left, and No. 14 Louisville holds off Memphis, 56-49, Thursday night.
The Supreme Court today stayed the Madras High Court order appointing Justice (retd) S Mohan as the Interim Administrator of BCCI.
