The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!
I would highly recommend this.
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.
AMAZON SUCKS.
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.
Excellent!.
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.
Worst ever.
poor quality and service.
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.
The mic is great.
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.
THAT one didn't work either.
The instruction manual is lacking.
Poor Reliability.
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.
Battery lasts only a few hours.
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.
best bluetooth on the market.
Disappointed with battery.
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.
Its a total package.
Nice design and quality.
Please dont waste your money.
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).
This is a great deal.
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.
I cannot make calls at certain places.
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.
So I bought about 0 of these and saved alot of money.
The item received was Counterfeit.
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.
Great product.
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.
Price is good too.
What a waste.
Excellent bluetooth headset.
I love all the features and form factor.
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.
Talk about USELESS customer service.
horrible, had to switch 3 times.
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.
Good Quality.
The buttons for on and off are bad.
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.
I was not impressed by this product.
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.
Cant get the software to work with my computer.
They do not care about the consumer one bit.
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.
good item, low price.
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.
Excellent product for the price.
I'm pleased.
I highly recommend this device to everyone!
Great for the jawbone.
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.
Excellent product.
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.
Good product - incredible value.
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 5 seconds and it still works great!
stay away from this store, be careful.
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.
It was a waste of my money.
Awsome Device Works Great!!.
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.
Used and dirty.
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.
Mic Doesn't work.
They work about 2 weeks then break.
Lousy product.
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).
Five star Plus, plus.
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!
Excellent hands free tool.
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.
Great product for the price!.
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.
Works great!.
I'm trying to return it for a refund.
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.
Excellent starter wireless headset.
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.
Poor Construction.
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.
The ear buds only play music in one ear.
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.
Comfort for our whole family.
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.
The commercials are the most misleading.
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.
Needless to say, I wasted my money.
Very disappointing.
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.
THey are so cool!
The reception has been generally good.
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.
I'm returning them.
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.
Does Not Work.
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.
Reception is terrible and full of static.
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.
WORST PHONE EVER.
I only hear garbage for audio.
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.
Works great.
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.
Restored my phone to like new performance.
Horrible phone.
Those phones are working just fine now.
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.
worthless product.
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX99 (EnV).
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!
Great Product.
Great software for Motorolas.
It is simple to use and I like it.
The delivery was on time.
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.
You won't regret it!
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.
You get what you pay for I guess.
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.
Great for using with your home stereo.
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!
Lasted one day and then blew up.
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.
fast service.
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.
It looks very nice.
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!
The reception through this headset is excellent.
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.
Very easy to use.
wont work right or atleast for me.
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.
The construction of the headsets is poor.
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.
2 thumbs up to this seller
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.
Fantastic earphones.
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.
disappointed.
Very prompt service.
Poor quality.
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.
# It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.
Great case and price!
The noise shield is incrediable.
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.
bad fit, way too big.
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.
Doesn't Work.
W80i is just SUPERB.
I am also very happy with the price.
Happy so far!.
Not as good as I had hoped.
Bad Reception.
Not worth it.
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.
Do not make the same mistake as me.
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.
It does everything the description said it would.
Its the best headset I have used.
I would not recommend this item to anyone.
Disappointed!.
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.
The ".2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.
dont buy it.
Its reception is very very poor.
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.
It is a joy to use.
My sister has one also and she loves it.
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.
Great for iPODs too.
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.
Don't bother - go to the store.
Improper description.... I had to return it.
Piece of Junk.
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.
Beautiful styling though.
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 2 % left in the morning.
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!
Truly awful.
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)
Superb Phone on a Great Network.
I have been very happy with the 50 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.
This is a great little item.
My headset works just peachy-keen.
The sound quality is excellent as well.
Not enough volume.
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.
It quit working after I'd used it for about 8 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.
Great phone.
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 00% functional.
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.
Now I know that I made a wise decision.
Nice docking station for home or work.
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.
Not impressed.
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.
Great phone.
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!
Disapointing Results.
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.
It's not what it says it is.
Terrible phone holder.
I'm very disappointed with my decision.
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.
Nice Sound.
Protects the phone on all sides.
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.
Not a good bargain.
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.
None of it works, just don't buy it.
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!
What a waste of money and time!.
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 1 minutes before being disconnected.
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.
Great phone!.
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.
Pretty piece of junk.
Customer service was terrible.
Perfect for the PS3.
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!
awesome device.
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.
Great product, fast shipping!.
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.
Poorly contstruct hinge.
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.
Works great.
I'm still infatuated with this phone.
Battery life is also great!
Never got it!!!!!
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.
Nice solid keyboard.
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.
very disappointed.
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.
I love this thing!
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.
Just what I wanted.
And the sound quality is great.
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.
Exactly what I wanted.
Gets the job done.
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.
Poor product.
Don't buy it.
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.
very good product, well made.
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.
I am more than happy with this product.
useless phone, simply deaf.
Having trouble with volume.
Earbud piece breaks easily.
Best headset ever!!!.
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.
Don't buy this product - It fails!.
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.
Magical Help.
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.
Sending it back.
Very much disappointed with this company.
I was not happy with this item.
This is a great deal.
Simple, lightweight and great fit.
VERY comfortable.
Worst customer service.
Good case, Excellent value.
This fixes all the problems.
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.
Everything about this product is wrong.First
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems
Really good product.
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.
I love this device.
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.
So just beware.
Works as described.
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.
I'm a bit disappointed.
I love this phone!.
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.
nice leather.
Warning - Stay away.
I want my money back.
don't waste your money and time.
Cumbersome design.
Incredible!.
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.
!I definitly recommend!!
We would recommend these to others.
Freezes frequently4.
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.
Love it.. Great armband.
Worst Customer Service Ever.
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !
Great product and price.
The battery runs down quickly.
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.
I don't like this Nokia either.
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.
So far it has worked like a charm.
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.
Comfortable in my hand.
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.
Horrible, horrible protector.
Could not get strong enough signal.
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.
The battery works great!
It was horrible!.
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.
It has all the features I want
It was quite comfortable in the ear.
Excellent dual-purpose headset.
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.
Don't buy this product.
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S70a and all I can say is WOW!
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.
It's pretty easy.
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.
I am very happy
This is a beautiful phone.
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is
This is a great phone!.
WORTHWHILE.
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.
Sprint charges for this service.
This phone works great.
This case seems well made.
The pleather case doesn't fit.
I'd like to return it.
The shipping time was also very quick!
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.
Avoid this one if you can.
Design Flaw?.
Piece of trash.
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.
Soyo technology sucks.
Doesn't do the job.
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.
Battery charge-life is quite long.
It has been a winner for us.
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.
Buttons are too small.
Good audio quality.
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.
This PDA rocks.
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.
Very good stuff for the price.
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.
Absolutely great.
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.
NOT WHAT I WANTED.
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!
This battery is an excellent bargain!
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.
Love this headset!
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 0!.
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.
Setup went very smoothly.
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.
Worth every penny.
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.
Was not happy.
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.
For the price this was a great deal.
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.
Very good phone.
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.
Love this product.
Great charger.
Defective crap.
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).
SWEETEST PHONE!!!
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.
Works good.
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.
BT5 battery junk!.
Last time buying from you.
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.
Dont waste your money...
Works fine.
Krussel Always good.
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).
My 5-year old Nokia 216 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.
Were JERKS on the phone.
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.
Does not fit.
Returned 8 hours later.
Thank you for such great service.
Thank you for wasting my money.
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.
Voice recognition is tremendous!
REALLY UGLY.
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.
Great Value.
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.
Great choice!
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.
Reversible plug works great.
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.
Don't buy this product.
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.
Couldn't figure it out
Razr Battery - Good buy.
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!
Sprint - terrible customer service.
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.
Great phone!.
The plug did not work very well.
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.
Iam very pleased with my purchase.
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.
Great audio!.
Nice case, feels good in your hands.
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.
Nice headset priced right.
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.
New Battery works great in phone.
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.
Excellent wallet type phone case.
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.
A pretty good product.
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.
Has been working great.
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.
I could not recommend these more.
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.
Great price also!
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.
The design is very good.4.
Great Phone.
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.
doesn't last long.
Phone falls out easily.
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.
but it is great, i would really recommend it
Works well.
Better Than New.
All three broke within two months of use.
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.
Also makes it easier to hold on to.
Unfortunately it did not work.
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.
camera color balance is AWFUL.
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.
What a waste of time!
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.
Plug was the wrong size.
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.
You can't beat the price on these.
I love this bluetooth!
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.
Very pleased with this headset.
It definitely was not as good as my S.
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.
I had to purchase a different case.
Poor Talk Time Performance.
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.
It didn't charge for me.
No buyers remorse on this one!.
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.
Very wind-resistant.
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.
Linked to my phone without effort.
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.
Really pleased with this product so far.
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.
Definitely a bargain.
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.
It also had a new problem.
The battery life is highly unacceptable.
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.
It felt too light and "tinny.".
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-0 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.
Don't make the same mistake I did.
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.
We are sending it back.
It was a great phone.
Very happy with this product.
And I just love the colors!
Good show, Samsung.
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.
Excellent product for the price.
It is very comfortable on the ear.
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.
I got it because it was so small and adorable.
I found this product to be waaay too big.
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.
Battery has no life.
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.
I great reception all the time.
what a disappointment
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.
I would recommend this.
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.
This is infuriating.
Not good enough for the price.
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.
Buy a different phone - but not this.
One of my favorite purchases ever.
Made very sturdy.
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."
Portable and it works.
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.
Better than you'd expect.
Love This Phone.
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.
$5 Down the drain.
Very good quality though
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.
Basically the service was very bad.
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.
However I needed some better instructions.
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.
the phone was unusable and was not new.
The reception is excellent!
I am glad I purchased it.
I received it quickly and it works great!!
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended
It's a great item.
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.
Great price, too!
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.
Good transmit audio.
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.
And none of the tones is acceptable.
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.
These are fabulous!
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.
It doesn't make you look cool.
disappointing.
Battery is terrible.
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.
Works great!.
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.
You'll love how thin it is.
It's AGGRAVATING!
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.
WELL IM SATISFIED.
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.
It has kept up very well.
Same problem as others have mentioned.
Great Hands Free Device.
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.
cool phone.
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.
Great sound and service.
Kind of flops around.
great headset, very impressed - H500.
don't waste your money.
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!
Great bluetooth!.
Great Earpiece.
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.
The battery is completely useless to me.
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.
I really wanted the Plantronics 51 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!
Waste of 13 bucks.
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.
Its not user friendly.
Timely shipment and quality product.
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.
This device is great in several situations:.)
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros
How stupid is that?
Worked perfectly!
Absolutel junk.
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 532.
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.
Blue Ant is easy to use.
This one works and was priced right.
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.
Excellent Phone.
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.
I would highly recommend this product.
I am sorry I made this purchase.
The best phone in market :).
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.
All in all I think it was a good investment.
Battery is holding up well.
Looks great and is strong."
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.
poor voice clarity.
Painful on the ear.
lightweight and works well.
Doesn't hold charge.
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.
Just does not work.
Worked great!.
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.
I bought two of them and neither will charge.
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.
Crisp and Clear.
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.
That company is a joke.
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.
Excellent sound quality.
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.
Better than expected.
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.
The case is great and works fine with the 680.
Would recommend this item.
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..
I highly recommend this case.
Does not fit.
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W81i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).
Keep up the good work Amazon!!
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.
IT'S REALLY EASY.
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.
Bad Purchase.
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.
Great Phone.
Poor sound quality.
Item Does Not Match Picture.
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.
It worked very well.
Battery life is real good.
Awkward to use and unreliable.
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.
Jawbone Era is awesome too!
Plan on ordering from them again and again.
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.
Does everything it should and more.
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.
Waste of money.
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.
Very Dissapointing Performance.
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.
Very Displeased.
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.
What a big waste of time.
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.
Unreliable - I'm giving up.
I would recommend it.
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.
Works for me.
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.
The phone loads super!
A Disappointment.
Easy to use.
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.
Low Quality.
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).
VERY DISAPPOINTED.
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.
Would not reccommend.
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!
great...no problems at all!.
I Was Hoping for More.
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.
Good , works fine.
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.
The replacement died in a few weeks.
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .
Stay Away From the Q!.
I especially love the long battery life.
Do Not Buy for D87...wrongly advertised for D87.
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.
Don't waste your money!.
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!
Good price.
Will order from them again!
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.
much better than the hard plastic cases.
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.
(It works!)
Product is exactly as described.
They refuse to refund or replace.
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.
Bad Quality.
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 50 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.
Very satisifed with that.
Terrible product, and waste of money!
So Far So Good!.
No real improvement.
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.
I would have given no star if I was able.
Good product, good seller.
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.
Clear crisp sound.
Bad Choice.
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.
Good case!.
First of all, it doesn't wear well.
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.
