This crazy thing boils water in record time. Something about my propane stove always burns the crap out of anything not in cast iron but for some reason it takes forever to boil water in a kettle. This little thing will probably pay for itself in the propane it is saving me.Couldn't find one that didn't look completely stupid in the local stores so purchased this little guy. You just hit the little tab under the handle and in about 5 minutes or so you have a hot pot of water. It was a good deal but it probably wont save your marriage. I hope I get to keep it.
I had my first opportunity to use the Pyle Wireless PA System. It performed great. I used the wireless microphone and a wired microphone. The sound was sufficiently loud enough for a group of 50 people to hear. The only downside I discovered was added additional wireless microphones. There was a lot of feedback that made them unuseable with the internal wireless microphone. I am going to try a better quality add on wireless to see if that makes a difference. I will be using the PA with a larger group and larger room this weekend. I may have more to say about that application. Bottom line good price and good quality.
The company was great to work with. The sizing chart was very accurate and the underwear set looked as advertised. The quality of the product seems to be very good also - NOT the low quality that you usually see with the novelty underwear. The shipping was great and it came in much quicker than I thought it would during the busy holiday shipping period. I would definitely recommend this product and company to anyone.
It is a very short spot between the first and second books of Old Mans War. Sagan writes to herself a novel about her experiences and changes since she met John.
Written with amazing insight, this book takes Neurophysiology from sleep-inducing to fascinating. The book is an interesting read for anyone, with great pictures and anecdotes. I would recommend it to anyone looking to understand the brain.
I have asian hair. first time I used it, I left it in my hair for 30 mins (because I was running around) and the curls (more so waves) lasted the whole day!I did not add any products to my hair, no hair spray, nothing.I say waves because I didn't place the rollers for curls so they came out as waves.hair was soft, shiny.good product for the price. efficient at curling my kind of hair. (which is, and always will be naturally straight no matter what I do to it).
I have bought a few hand blenders in the past. This one was a little more money but definitely worth it. It has speed adjustments that work well for various things. I also love the whisk it come with and the handy storage bag.
Yes, the label was a pain to get off. And the first time I used it I never thought I would get all the food that baked onto it cleaned off. BUT, the next time I used a little ""Olive Oil Pam"" and no sticking at all.Slice some yellow squash or zucchini (or both), a med. onion, a little red bell pepper, toss with olive oil, salt & pepper (or Mrs. Dash etc.), set it on the grill and MAGIC! This little gadget has changed the way we grill. What we grill.
this is one of the first books i've read about feminism, so i don't proclaim to be an expert, but i really enjoyed reading so many different perspectives about feminism. these women's opinions were interesting to read. i read it straight through one afternoon and was sad to put it down. i particularly enjoyed the essays by curtis sittenfield, abra chernik, nomy lamm, laurel gilbert, jennifer myhre, and cheryl green. the essays seemed a little short to me, though. but my one beef with the book is that every single one of writers was a well-educated woman who had gone at least for her bachelor's. what about women who weren't able to go to college? the book seemed to emphasize varieties of feminism but that varieties of education wasn't taken into account surprised me. there are feminists out there with merely a high school education or even less. i hope maybe someday to see a sequel to this book where those factors are taken into account.
Beatles Rubber Soul is one of the greatest albums. A musical treasure. And when you consider these 4 guys rushed the album, even better!
This is one of the best comedies I've ever seen. Funny from start to end. It's inteligent, it's refined, it's funny! Just imagine a medieval knight thrown into modern times by mistake of a sorcerer just to discover its castle turned into a hotel and owned by the grand-grand-son of his servant. Oh, this is comedy. Don't miss it!
This is such a great series. I have all of them so far (1-8), and i'm hooked. Once I pick it up I can't put it down. I can't wait to see what happend between Will and Jessica. Also Jessica and Jeremy and Elizabeth and Conner. So buy this book I promise you will love it.
If there is a suicide every 14.2 minutes, then there are 6 new survivors every 14.2 minutes. I am one of those survivors! I recommend this book for anyone dealing with their feelings after a suicide. I am an author of a book on suicide and constantly read related material. This is one of my favorites.But I Didn't Say Goodbye: Helping Children and Families After a Suicide
This is an engaging book focusing on the earlier landscape paintings and portraits completed in Ipswich and Bath. The observations on the details of the paintings are acute and perceptive. The author illuminates with a thorough knowledge of the social mores and conventions of 18th Century England. For painters and artists, the insights on formal composition and color are instructive.The narrative text is laced with a wit, humor, and irony that perhaps one can only find in an English art historian writing about a consummate English artist. The book is also mercifully focused and short, alleviating some of the bludgeon like tediousness of many art history tomes.
This was a gift for our young daughter on Christmas. She LOVES it!!! She has played with it EVERY day since Christmas. While she can get it to motate by just using the steering wheel on hard, smooth surfaces, she prefers to use her leg power and just zoom around on it. We have not taken it outside and I do agree with other reviewers who say this will adversely affect the wheels and how it moves. The car itself is not overly bulky and can turn on a dime. My husband and I have been most pleased with this purchase! My husband put it together and did not have any trouble at all. I would say it is my daughter's favorite toy from Christmas, hands and wheels down! For kids who have outgrown their ""toddler cars"" but still want to zoom around, I highly recommend it.
This is the only rpg Ive seen that anyone can master in one or two tries. Your dreams to be bugs bunny or Daffy come true in this classic rpg. A must buy!
Downton Abbey is a classic work of fiction that is well presented but blends modern day American English with classic British Aristocrats style. I like the way Julian Fellowes writes and brings all classes together in this fascinating tale.
As often I am call ""old school"" it was new and refreshing for me to read of the old Atlantic City. I thought Jon Van Meter brought back to life a time that has been dead far too long. I would strongly recomend it to anyone who loves the golden area in American history.
Sordid Lives: The Series is hilarious! The characters in this series, though exagerated, are great depictions of the extreme white trash of the South. The actors and actresses are very funny in their roles. I wish they had continued this series....great comedy.....very entertaining. Buy Sordid Lives: the movie as well. It clarifies some of the relationships of the characters you see in The Series.
If you have always enjoyed early songs from the great herself you will certainly love this album. It has her first big hit ""A-Tisket A-Tasket"" and some of the good duets with Louis Armstrong that are very enjoyable. This is a recording that sounds like you're playing it on the old phonograph right from the era. Really an enjoyable release!
I read this book about a year ago, and like my Bible, I find myself going back to it. If you have ever had any questions about where you are in Christ or spiritual maturity, this is a book for not only you and your household. A great gift for every occasion! The Lord's Blessings.
I loved this when it aired. I love it now. Fun escapist TV. Of course plenty of eye candy for everyone. Happy to add to my Heath Ledger collection.
We had an older top of the line Westinghouse which served us well, but after using the little Euro we were surprised at its versatility and power. Light weight yet powerful. The offset configuration is a little starnge but after using it we found it to be very practical. Love the powered turn table.
My mom, age 82, ask for this video for Christmas.. She loves it! Brings back great memories and laughing is wonderful for staying young.
This video is a bit outdated but is still the best abdominal exercise video I have ever found. It gets the job done in around 5 minutes and you deffinately feel the burn!
Jane Austen's novel, Pride and Prejudice is, through written long ago, a timeless tale of truth and human beings. It is a truly comical story, with an uncomical moral as genuine and universal as it was when in the eighteenth century. It's characters shall always remain among the most beloved in literature.
This movie have meant a lot to me over the ages. Sands best film ever (with Phantom of the Opera as second). He have a great carisma that is unusual when thinking of all mainstream-actors that is out there. And when a movie also deal with my favorite subject it's even better. I myself own a copy of the Grand Grimoire (it isn't that hard to find it as in the movie!) and The Key of Solomon. Too bad they use the name Book of Shadows (which is widely used today as a general term for a witch's personal spellbook), but in general people don't know such things. Anyway, I think it still is one of my favorite movies even if it's old. Go and see it and get inspired! But do not follow the Left Path though :-)
A serious book, usefull for trading Stocks, futures, FOREX, etc. Honest, realistic, applicable content written by a professional trader, based on his long experience.AS Peter Borish - Chairman of One Chicago and Former Head of Research for Paul Tudor Jones - said, ""...John Carter's new book is an outstanding place to start a realistic, grounded approach to mastering the trade.""
Wonderful, real-life story of war and all its vagaries. This fellow wanted to strike back at the Nazis, and he certainly did by volunteering for the British army and becoming a parachute commando.
This toy was a Xmas present for my grandson & it really helped him to learn to walk & so much more. He's almost 2yo & still uses the toy. And he has been really tough on this toy & it is very durable. I am very happy with this purchase & most definitely recommend to others!
If you've heard Sepultura and liked it, in case you don't know, this is Max Cavalera's new band, and might I add, is ALOT better than Sepultura! I love the way they added those tribal beats and the Brazilian music style in the middle of one of the best sounding heavy metal music cds I've heard. I'm Brazilian myself and even out of all the other Brazilian heavy metal bands I hear when I'm there (although there aren't that many, but there's also this band called Raimundos which is all sung in portuguese but its still wicked for those who don't understand the language) Soulfly is still the best! Max Cavalera's vocals are insane! Check it out! (if you have enough money or are up to getting the import with extra tracks, get it! the extra songs are wicked! Cangaceiro is the best song! )
Wow! Such jummy recipes! I have done just about half of this book recipes. They have all come out perfect and delicious. I have used it for cookie exchange, holidays, family gatherings etc...A very useful book when you want to whip up something pretty fast and tasty. It is also great for those who don't want to spend to much time in the kitchen. Full proof recipes!
I loved Pufnstuf as a child. I saw this movie in the theater. When I realized that Mama Cass was in it, it was my life-long ambition to get this movie! I tried unsuccessfully to convince Blockbuster video that this movie existed! Finally, when I visited [the web] I thought I'd try to see if it was here. You can't imagine my amazement! The movie is a MUST SEE for children (or big kids like me!). No bad language, and very colorful...great songs.... My 5-year old sings along with it!Sid and Marty Krofft did us a favor and satisfied the child in all of us with this one.
I bought this product for my girlfriend's mother. She just loves it. The product is everything the seller said it is. The material is made of great quality. It is just professional in appearance and overall. I will absolutely buy from this seller again.
After over 50 years of having multi-colored hands from leaky fountain pens, I have discovered these wonderful Pilot Varsity Disposable Fountain Pens! What a delight for those of us who only write with fountain pens! And, these pens come in a rainbow of colors. Each pen is very comfortable to use, always writes smoothly, and never needs to be refilled - no more rubber gloves and many bottles of ink. The medium nibs definitely make a statement, and the pens never skip. I know that they also come in packs of all navy blue or black, but I love the bright colors in the assorted pack, which match any card I need to write. Pilot has a pack of winners here!
I recommend this book to anyone in a leadership position. I found the book to be an easy read, yet strong in content. I look forward to implementing the ""SERVE"" model at work and in everyday life. Thank you Mr. Blanchard and Mr. Miller for your insight into leadership.
Sophie's Choice or even Anna Karenina! Set in New York and St. Petersburg! From the man's point of view! Gorgeously written! Darkly Humorous! This book does New York justice, it does women justice, it does love justice. I couldn't ask for anything more.
Nothing Sacred is a really funny movie. Carole Lombard is the perfect comediane and Frederic March makes a good transformation from his normal dramatic roles. This is a hilarious movie that no one should miss. Don't judge this one by the Lewis/Martin remake that is absulutely ludicrous! I liked the part where March is trying to make Lombard look like she has pnemonia so he punching her and stuff and says, ""I love you, (punches an ice pack off her head) I'm gonna marry you, and I don't want to spend my honnymoon blowing kisses to you outside the prison excersice yard!"" Or something like that. Watch this movie, you won't be disapointed. I must agree that Lombard would've made a good Lucy Ricardo.
Imagine knowing who you were when you were born. This is your soul number, which is easy to determine with Numerology and The Divine Triangle. This book helps you understand life lessons that you are here to learn, and provides details for personal years and months. This is the only book on numerology that I have read, and it is simple and complete. Thank you!
I just discovered this show on re-runs. There is NO laugh track, but there ARE at least 4 abrigded rock & roll songs per episode. Great sitcom!
As you read the wORds, they begin to permeate and you will realise the greatest trick by religion and dogma that has been played on us regarding the hidden truth in the holy scriptures. This book was recommended to myself (and many others) by one Santos Bonacci, astrotheologist, can I just recommend to anyone (who hasn't already done so) to tune into one of his (Bonacci's) many YouTube videos / radio shows.The truth is out there and very much INSIDE EVERY ONE OF US.
It is relatively inexpensive and does the job. Holds my papers just fine and helps keep me organized. It also does not take up too much space on my desk, which is nice.
Ol' Natch gets in a pickle, but never fear, the mind triumphs over matter. Excellent quality publication, guick shipping and arrived in perfect condition.
If you love old monster movies, and enjoy the type of films on MST3K, then you'll love this movie! Like a 1970's film, with plenty of blood, hairy monster and gratuitous boobs, it's a riot!
Great book---Short varied segments that offer real help and hope to those who are going through the grieving process. Spiritual rather than overtly religious, making it appropriate for many people. The short format makes it easy to read and digest, as it is often difficult to concentrate on longer works when grieving.
As some one who makes a living doing OLAP development, I thought the Author does a great job explaining the similarities and differences between OLAP and relational analysis. An emphasis is DW and DM was obviously present. So not the best OLAP book but maybe the best (or one of) in total architecture.
Congratulations Frans and Bronwen, on THE difinitive book on Reiki. I particularly applaud the unbiased reporting of the facts, past and present, all meticulously researched and the Sources of the information listed.No claims of having all the answers or even any hint of pushing your own barrow. As a Reiki Master I often felt that there must be more and was puzzled by some of the conflicting history and the different methods of practising and attuning that are prevalent. Despite the differing methodology, the book doesn't try to invalidate any other methods. This is certainly a great reference book and I have no hesitation on recommending this book to my students and other Reiki practitioners.
As often happens with an exceptional entry into the 'creative' market, this videotape is unassuming, clearly modest with no ridiculous claims or expectations of becoming the hit it obviously became. (Now ""Buns of Steel"" is a trademark sporting several subtitles, which doesn't stop another trademark from having Buns of Steel as a subtitle.) This tape spawned the market, and it is (...at least one of...) the best of its kind.If you are looking for an exercise video that will have you using it despite how difficult it is, how silly you feel, and how long it takes (at 50 minutes it may be the longest straight video like this) this is the one. It's tough. But you find yourself going ahead despite how hard the work is. DON'T GO FOR A SEQUEL FIRST! look for this one (now called ""Buns of Steel: The Original"" - make certain it has Greg Smithey!) END
The Diesel Needlenose is only a little bigger than one of my favorite multi-tools of all time, the Gerber 400/Sport model, which is hard to beat for compactness without sacrificing utility.The Diesel doesn't waste its extra size on more of the same and is definitely a great competitor to the vernable 400/Sport.Like all good Gerber products, it can be opened one handed, and has all the basic tools you need for work, camping, or in many other situations. When I first started my career, a friend gave me a Gerber and said, ""Wear it for a week."" Now I feel like I lost my keys when I'm without it.
This is Truly well worth the money, not only for die hard SOM fans but those who truly appreciate Austrian History, culture, music and song--A collection of the century.
What can I say, these batteries are fantastic. Charge them, then forget about them. Whenever you need them, they'll still be charged, even months later. I use them mostly for my game systems, but due to their low discharge rate you could literally use them in anything, even devices you rarely ever use.Get yourself a good smart charger and you will be set.
I really like these gloves. The color is cool and having ur knuckle protected is a huge plus.You never know when that tree or boulder is @ the corner,,,,, These gloves are awesome
Based on the Blade Runner discussion panel at the recent San Diego Comic-Con, this edition should be the the last word on the Ridley Scott film, Blade Runner. The panel included the legendary director himself answering fan questions. The material on the five discs should be almost all there is, including all 5 versions like the new ""Final Cut"" that has the recent footage of Joanna Cassidy redoing her death scene where she barrels thru the plate class. The fan favorite ""The Work Print"" is also included, along with documentaries and 1 disc full of scenes. For the fans of Blade Runner, the film inspired by P.K. Dick's brilliant novel ""Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep"", the five-disc Ultimate C.E. is a must. And it comes in the neat ""Deckard Case"", and Amazon has it listed at $69.99 as a pre-order. And that is the Blu-Ray version for $30 less the list price. At that price it's a steal. I just ordered mine, and I recommend any fan to do the same.
I loved how this series was combined into one book so when I finished one, I could easily continue right into the next book. One con was that is was a bit cumbersome to carry around with me, but I loved the story so much I didn't mind.I highly recommend this series! I have yet to find one that I have enjoyed more since.
Great horror film, wonderful actors. One of my all time favorites. Thank you for getting it to me so quickly.
I loved reading Maxes stories in the canadian newspaper. If you want to know what this book is like try doing a search on Max Haines, and I am sure some archived stories must still be around. The focus will be more on story telling and less on scientific fact, Max takes old cases and breaths life into them, it is 100% accurate probably not, but it does make good reading.
I recently ordered a new laptop from gateway to replace my 5 1/2 yr old Windows 98SE Compaq. It came with this router. Since My laptop had to be customized, the router arrived about a week ahead of the laptop. So i decided to set it up with my current computer. Even running windows 98se i was up and running 10 minutes out of the box. i also connected my xbox and had no problems whatsoever. then when my laptop arrived it took like another 5 minutes to connect the wireless function. Much easier and faster than my older linksys router. And it's cheaper too. Would definately recommend over a linksys router.
Dispite what others have written about this product, this is a fine radio. NOAA channel comes in clear as a bell. Other stations come in without any issue either. Used it up at work during the recent tornado outbreaks here in North Texas, and it worked like a champ.
If you enjoyed watching FRIENDS the first time around and in reruns, this may be for you. It was fun to watch specific episodes and then just play, ""pick a card, any card"" and then randomly select an episode.
Nice and funky live concert :-)...Good vocal presentation indeed. The musicians are quite good. And good recording for those who like that :-)
This was one of the best movies I have ever seen. Russell Crowe gave an excellent performance and the fight scene were nothing short of spectacular. This is a definite must see for anybody, no matter what kind of film you like, it is just that good.
Application = Hamilton Beach Brewstation 47665Improved brew time, by cleaning out gunk that builds up from hard water and such.Improved coffee taste, since it does a darn good job of cleaning any residual oils or grime. This coffee maker has a mesh filter and several corners that are hard to clean thoroughly.Improved pour flow (to mug), as the mesh filter for the dispenser is no longer choked by the aforementioned oils & grime.This product is simple and effective. I tried the products available at my local stores, but they just do not compare.
It does everything that was promised - we love it and use it to talk on Skype to our kids and grandkids. Wonderful.
Bought these items and several other accessories along a Kitchen Aid Artisan stand mixer for my daughter as a christmas gift, and she loves them. I did what several other reviewers suggested and cut out the hole in the center of the second cover in order to use it as a splatter guard while mixing, since you really don't need two lids unless you purchase a second mixing bowl. They're not air tight but the fit well, convenient for keeping ingredients from drying out while baking. Would definitely recommend this product for anyone with an Artisan stand mixer by KA.
I've been to the old abandoned prison where they shot the movie, went inside, and explored the place. I did this a few times just to make sure I covered the whole place. It took me a while to find a place that rented out Brubaker, but I finally found one. When I put in the tape, I expected to see some sucky movie that would bore me for the next 2 hours and 11 minutes, but I was pleasantly mistaken. Brubaker is an awesome movie. It's a battle between a man who wants to do the right thing, and a corrupt system that wants everything to stay as it was since they can remember. The screenplay, acting, story line, and emotional ties to the movie are great. I've since watched the movie about 7 times, enjoying it each time. I'm looking forward to the day that Brubaker comes out on DVD!
This is a wonderful book that not only contains some of Cristina's best recipes, it also demonstrates who Cristina is and how much she loves her family. It is wonderful reading for anyone that wants to prepare a holiday feast or just a quiet dinner at home. Cristina's flair and zest for life comes through loud and clear. A+++++++
Well, it seems to me this writer has left nothing out. The Lambert series of four seems to have all the ingredients needed to entertain the reader for hours on end. I like that in the books I read. Action, romance, intrigue, secrets, skeletons, and of course a double murder mystery to solve. I like this new writer and look forward to buying and reading her next novel of love, lust, passion and suspense.
My wife loves Robbie Williams. What a great Entertainer he is. Saw this fantastic concert on TV and have been looking for the DVD for ages. I found it here and ordered it right away. This is the best buy you will ever make. Truly pure entertainement.
How often can an 8, 45 & 72 year olds be together and REALLY enjoy a great movie. True - not the stage production - but a lovely, fun movie.
Thank goodness it's not Jack Liffey that's terminal! Here's a wonderful new book that takes us back to Jack's hometown. We even get to meet a family member of his that he's hidden up to now. It's almost impossible to put this book down once you start it. Be warned!
Hannity's points are clear and concise and accurate. The pages are filled with the insights and answers we need to hear and see in America. America has enemies and america isnt the enemy! This is a must read for all who truly want to understand the times we are living in and the dangers that threaten our way of living. If anyone doesnt understand the end results of the liberal answers and ways,just look at the inner cites. Sean is opening eyes and his book is a good sight full!
I learned a lot from this book and it helped me pass my A+ certification. Topics are presented and illustrated very well.
On MTV when i saw the ""When worlds collide"" video i thought gee that looks stupid, but once i listened more into i was enjoyin every bit of it when i recently got this cd i listened to each track each 1 is great it has a spooky fellin that makes wonder whats comin next I rate ""TONIGHT THE STARS REVOLT""Instrumental-5 of 5 Lyrics-5 of 5 and Production- 5 of 5 When u first listen I suggest no.'s 2,3,4,6,8,and 10 to really bang u in there becuz they're the best 1's
I ordered this on a Friday and received on Monday. It came nicely packaged and was so much fun to open and look thru all of the different candy's from the past. Yes, some are not necessarily from the 80's but they are still candy's from childhood. I thought there was alot of candy and the variety was good.I will purchase this in the future as a gift idea. What a fun gift to open and share with a group!!
the package arrived in a good amount of time. i ordered it for christmas and i was very pleased that even with the holiday mail busy season i got it in plenty of time to wrap it.
A movie over 20 years old and it will still make you smile.And VHS was still in great shape.
I've seen Judy Carter ""Live"" watching her capture and captivate audiences with a diverse range of Comedy bits from sublime to hacky - and make it all work. Ive seen her do bits that other comics would run from and pull it off flawlessly.But this book isn't all about Judy Carter, its about Comedy. Performing, writing, working and breathing comedy. The book is filled with golden tips and insights from dozens of Great Comedians like George Carlin, Richard Pryor, Robin Williams and more.Inside you will find detailed analysis of Stand Up Comedy performance, with a line by line breakdown, a complete comedy writers reference and even a complete job hunting reference.This book is a modern treatise on Comedy for performers and writers alike.
LOVE IT. More than a soap opera. Great drama. Well developed characters. Good plot lines. Just excellent. Love John Hamm.
Excellent for its purpose; perfect in comfort; sturdy construction; even better than it looks in photos
I have had this sander now for 10 years,and have put many hours of use on it. Absolutely no problems with reliability. I have just recently added the graphite platen, which is noticeable improvement in keeping the belts cooler. The purple belts are the best I've tried. Sanding the osb sub-floors inside the house, I removed the dust bag and taped my shop-vac hose to it. This combination eliminated all visible dust in the air or floor, for real dustless sanding. This is a very good no-nonsense sander and I highly recommend it for serious sanding, but if you don't want to risk uneven gouging on mor delicate work, an orbit sander is better suited to the task.
A jam band with a sing-a-long feel, O.A.R. hit their major label debut with a burst. This band is a cross between Dave Matthews Band, John Mayer, and Jack Johnson all rolled up with a midwest twist. If you are looking for a good album all the way through, this is a great addition to any collection. Also, look into their earlier recordings.
Freddie Hubbard was one of the most prolific jazz trumpeters in the business. He played a hot and sassy horn! When he was teamed up with George Benson, Eric Gale, Herbie Hancock, and Ron Carter (just to name a few) on this one of many Creed Taylor-produced collaborations, he most deservedly won the Grammy!The opening title song ""First Light"" has an ethereal beginning with a diverse arrangement. An unusual arrangement of Paul McCartney's ""Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey"" is most satisfying. Henry Mancini's ""Moment To Moment"" has a hauntingly sweet sound. ""Lonely Town"" is darkly complex.There are many sides and moods to each of the songs within this original work. With stylish jazzy rhythms and rich orchestrations, this is THE Freddie Hubbard album to have!
It's a great machine, I like it. It's easy to use and reliable. The main thing to insure good operation is to remove nozzle after each use and rinse it out with warm water. It's a little time consuming but it's worth it. I use it with the lather.
I love this CD. I love listening to Agata. She has a magnificent voice. Every song is good from start to finish! I would tell anyone to try this CD its worth it!! I love you Agata!!
I love this book. It's the first one that told me the truth about how television shows really work and how to write for them. And it has such a conversational, friendly style I wanted to keep reading.
Of all the 25 to 30 Fear Street I've read, there were only one or two i'd give a 7 out of 10 to, the rest i'd give a 9.5 or a 10. Fear Street are the best books. After I read the back cover of College Weekend, to me it didn't sound to great, but it really surprised me. It was definately a 10. It had everything a book needs, mystery, horror, suspense, romance, and great detail(Stine puts excellent detail in his books). I finished this book in two days and I read it every chance I got. The detail was so great I had to take my time reading it. I always do that with Stine's books anyways. My advice to you is to go to a bookstore or library and get this book. I hope you read it and enjoy it as much as i did. P.S. I think this book would make a great movie!
Ashlee Simpson is a great singer. I just love her.""I am Me"" is waaay better than her first record, ""Autobiography"", and it is a must-buy. Every song has a great beat and the lyrics to most of the songs are amazing!!
This is one awesome console. In my opinion, it is much better than the XBOX. Why, you ask? 1)The controller is so much better2)Takes barely any time to load 3)More exclusive games 4) Won't CATCH ON FIRE5)MAde my Nintendo. Nuff saidOkay, sure the XBOX is made by Microsoft, but they aren't the best pros at making games and systems. This is the best console (After the PS2) you can buy.
I bought this for my mom who has issues with her shoulders making reaching difficult. This is great as she can lower it so it is within her reach. I like it also because of the double bars and shoe rack on the bottom which others don't have. It makes good use of floor space.
COD 3 is a great game with life-like animations and heart-stopping action. The Xbox Live multiplayer is even better. I love this game!
I purchased this sticker book and absolutely love it. Great stickers that show the characters in the Harry Potter Book series in great detail. The stickers bring them alive. Would recommend for any ""Potter Fan""...
Hannibal meets the world of Martial Arts. Very good book. well thought out and very well researched. Potrays more of the old school martial arts mentality from the 70s and 80s.
Loved the game, have played it before and I had to get a second game becasue my Xbox doesn't work anymore. If you enjoy puzzles and Star Wars this is the game for you. I will say that the fighting system was a tad simplistic.
If you are into Bob Marley's music-then this is a CD for you.Every special song is on here.A must have in anyones collection!
When her benefactor dies, Laura learns that the woman's prodigal son, plans to return to Arden Manor. Laura is determined to keep him from casting her and her family into the streets. The only hope she has is a stipulation in the will that says if she weds by her twenty-first birthday --three weeks away -- the house will be hers. She prays for a miracle, which seems to be answered in the form of a fallen man who awakens with no memory. She does the unthinkable and claims him as her fiancé. The story takes off from there and brings the reader into their wonderful world. What will happen when Laura learns' who her fiancé? How will he react when he realizes he has been tricked? That is for the reader to find out. This is one book you won't forget or easily put down.
I ordered two books, PEOPLE OF THE COVENANT, and both ccame in record time and were in excellent condition. I plan to order more of the same title and hope they will be available for a class beginning in October. Thanks so much!
The Discs came just as they were promised. In perfecct condition! I was completely satisfied.
I think this young man sounds amazing; I have been following his career since he was in high school and he has never ceased to amaze me with each new adventure he has embarked on. His professional career is International now and he gets better with age, just like a fine wine!
My dog always barked at my husband when I was in our computer room and he was on the couch. I couldn't get her to stop without keeping a leash on her. It really only took the first time for the collar and she actually just stopped. The second day with the collar on she moaned a second and was done. Hasn't done it again since. Nice and quiet when I'm on the computer now.
This book answers questions that have been shrouded in the fog of socialism and communism. The main one : 'If a place does not have an infrastructure in place to protect property rights, then there are no property rights and therefore wealth cannot be created.' - 'One cannot acquire anything as the fruit of their labors permit, if one cannot safely store it somewhere.' - 'You own your car because somewhere in your country's infrastructure, there is document that says that you do own it, and everyone else believes in that document.' A seminal book on the subject.
This book is very easy to learn from. The workbook style makes learning more interactive. The CD's are a great additional learning tool.
First off I would like to say that this is a wonderful cd when Jermaine Dupri (So-So- Def) this is a nice cd done by some good singers this is a good cd I love this cd I listen to it all of the time especially when I am taking a long and hot bubble bath it really does relax you the slow grooves the nice sounds of the music and the voices blend in together well and I like this cd this is a good cd it contains some remakes but one of my favorites on here is ""Minnie Ripperton's "" Inside My Love done so very well from Trina Broussard who has a very nice voice and she needs to do another album as well I enjoy this album it is so nice it contains hopeless, the sweetest thing, I wanna go outside in the rain, and many other great songs this is one of my favorite sonundtracks if you enjoy the blues, rhythm and blues, jazz, and poetry then you will definitely enjoy this cd so therefore I reccommend that you buy it because you will definitely enjoyit!!!!!
I'd seen most of these movies before but not all. have really enjoyed getting reacquainted with the ones I've seen before and seeing the others for the first time. Universal has put together a really good collection of the best from their famous monsters. they have been great to watch, the quality of the picture and sound is amazing!!!
I agree with the first reviewer. I have read this book scores of times and still re-read it. Excellent characters and some brilliant one-liners. Also, an excellent look at feminism in a pro-male way (where else can you find that! ).If you can get a copy then do.
Sometimes when you first start out online you don't realize the in's and out's of navigating on a Web site such as eBay. This book spells it out and even helps out those of us who have been selling on eBay but want to learn a little more. I would highly recommend this book for the newbie and intermediate sellers for sure!
Not only is this FAST & EASY, it tastes great! Add a cup of chicken, carrots chopped onion & celery and you have a great casserole.
VFP 7.0 has dramatically improved its IDE, including an awesome data driven implementation of Intellisense that is completely customizable, making it one of the best available. But thats not all, improved speed, stability, and XML support, along with the long list of language enhancements suggested by VFP users add up to make this one of the most powerful and easy to use Database tools available.
Not only do you get to know the greatest basist of all time but you also learn of his interpersonal relationships with the origional members of The Who and the chemistry that bonded them.
Man,when it arrived I opened it quickly and played it to my satisfaction and others. Great quality and the racing memories continue each time it's played. I'll probably ""Jam Tonite"".
this writing by Diasaku Ikeda, are short excerpts on the subject at hand.Well written for all people, most especially Nichiren Buddhist, SGII enjoyed this book very much.
this is a very good device,,light weight, reliable with alot of function's.Once you've used it for awhile,, you will wonder why you would ever want to hold a cell phone again,,,,,, a must have product
this is by far the best coffee maker we've had for 40 years.it's so easy to use. it's clean, no bean mess, we are buying 2 more for our son-in-laws. we love it.
James Taylor's music alway creates the proper mood for whatever occasion. He's done it again. Enjoy
Actually this was purchased by my daughter as a Christmas gift for my husband and I- what a great surprise and since we arlready have 2 other Pooh prints by Ellenshaw, we were thrilled. It is currently at a store getting framed !
How to Solve Word Problems in Algebra is one of the great masterpieces in math literature. There is nothing like it because everything, the concepts and the step-by-steps, in the book are laid out beautifully. I've used every chapter, touching most of the word problems routinely found in any algebra textbook, on my freshman students in Algebra I Honors course. In a result, I've gotten nothing but terrific results. More importantly, they love doing the word problems, something I would never imagine for a students who happen to have either no feelings or a distaste for mathematics. I honestly want to see more books made similar to How to Solve Word Problems in Algebra for other areas of mathematics because they are the reasons why anyone can be so motivated in math and excel at it at the same time. All in all, How to Solve Word Problems in Algebra is highly recommended for anyone in mastering word problems, and no experience is necessary.
I was happy with the price and it came in the mail just in time. I could not be any more happier with the sevice
To my ears, Perahia excells himself, and all the competitiors, on this disc. With this two highly contrasting Concertos he shows his fingers, his mind, his taste, his utmost musicality, but, above all, his soul, going from euforia to despair and back again with commitment and high artistry. Tempos are perfectly judged and all the feelings of joy and tragedy convincingly coveyed. For me, this is the best release of his Mozart cycle ! And one of the best of his whole output ! Do not miss it !
For only an extra $6 over Curt's 10,000lb, A-6 Hitch Ball, the 30,000lb, A-41 hitch ball is a great deal. Well made, and the peace of mind is certainly worth the extra couple of dollars!
I use these in my Senseo and they work just fine. I think they make a much stronger cup of coffee than the brand recommended for use in the Senseo. Very pleased with this French Roast !
One great cd from LIMP BIZKIT! Great TRAX, especially the Hip-Hop version of 'ROLLIN'-Very H-O-T!!!
I purchased this because i just found out that I have an egg and yeast allergy. Not too sure what my eating choices are yet , I wanted to have something on hand for a quick breakfast or snack,so I didn't have to spend a lot of time looking at food labels or cooking something, but yet get an adequate amount of protein and nutrients. This protein powder has no yeast and is labelled vegan, so I don't have to worry about the ingredients.So anyway, this stuff is delicious! I have been making smoothies with the powder, some milk, banana and berries. I have used frozen fruit and it can be a little gritty, but I find that if you mix the powder with the milk first ( I use a hand-held blender) it is much less gritty, and if you use non frozen fruits it is pretty darn grit free. The taste is good also,just a mild creamy vanilla.I would recommend this powder!
If you have a chance to see the musical of the Lion King... Run to see it! It is the most colorful and beautiful play! The costumes are spectaclar. But this play is not for young children 2 to 5 year olds, even those who love the movie. Wait until they are older to take them. In the meantime they can see a small slice of the play and feel like there where there with you! Again an awesome glimpse into the musical, and if you get the chance to see this play.. RUN TO IT!
I love this series!Its on blu-ray so I was expecting to see a higher price...but definitely relieved that it was on sale for 40$...The graphics are AMAZING...my friend had the regular formatted season, even though I was still in awe with that, I was surprised that they could make it even more clear! wow!what a great purchase!
This is a superb achievement by Birgit Nilsson and Walter Legge. The Philharmonia plays gorgeously and my goodness, listen to Birgit Nilsson sing!! Absolutely nobody today can sing like Nilsson!! You don't know what you are missing out if you haven't listened to this.Besides this, you should get the Duet CD with Hans Hotter - another superb achievement.
This is one of my all time fav movies funny touching and shows what love can do....even to a hard person
John Maxwell's book on leadership lays a wonderful foundation for taking the steps necessary to go to the next level of leadership. Each of the 21 Laws are practical with enough examples and applications to ""get the point.""
Rosemary's Baby is satanic good fun. This is one of the most impressive horror film's I've ever seen in my life and may be my favorite horror movie of all time. Roman Polanski's Rosemary's Baby is extremely ahead of it's time with the use of strange dream sequences, experimental cinematography and truely disturbing subject matter. Mia Farrow's performance is amazing to say the least and she has cemented her role as one of my favorite actesses of all time. Not much blood or gore in this movie but focuses on it's acting and satanic vibe to scare viewers......and it does! This is an amazing movie I recommend to anyone who has not seen it, GO BUY IT NOW!
Stephen King - just so damn good. Even though my bookshelf is full of new-age authors like Starhawk and old classics like Orwell and Huxley - Stephen King's books, old and new, just blow me away.Dreamcatcher is great. Totally new themes and a real 2000-esqueness. UFO's, secret military campaigns, alien implants... sounds like SK has been listening to Art Bell or something.Don't listen to reviewers complaining of recycled plots. This book is a totally new experience. And it's a white-knuckle roller-coaster ride all the way.p.s. Hats off to Duddsie
No politics (? ) and great penmanship. Even a few tips on wordprocessing, writing fast, foreign words, reading Fowler, and on how to remain civil when virulent letters are in hand. Email hacks: see what a real correspondence can be <grin>; the generous excerpts are funny, enlightening, polite beyond words. Right again, Bill.
I absolutely love Just Cavalli. It isn't strong. A quiet sent that you can wear everyday if you are so inclined.
daughter wore it a lot before halloween......i've thrown it in the wash (low spin cycle) and hang to dry.....very durable........ the shoe part was only worn on halloween.......you cannot find this in stores...........!!!
I love this stuff. We use it on just about everything eggs, chicken, pork even popcorn.It even adds sizzle to vegetables. Shipped fast and on time. Product was as described.
Bravo and thank you Jennifer for bringing Cannie into life. ""Good in Bed"" caught my eyes in an Athens bookstore. I stood at the shelf and started reading the first chapter, then I sat on the floor and kept reading until the store clerk told me they were closing. I bought the book and didn't put it down the whole night and the next morning, until I got out of the train and sat on the bench in the metro to finish the last 7 pages before I'd go to the office.I can't find the right words to describe the thrill and satisfaction this book brings to a reader. I took an unforgettable journey with Cannie to her workplace, to her doctor and her friends and family, to the streets of Philadelphia, to her thoughts and fears, to her memories and not even once I found myself bored or uninterested.
Great classic movie that can be shared with the entire family. Animation and color is wonderful as you would expect from this Disney vintage movie.
I possibly think that the reviewer who did the 2 star on this book totally missed that boat, he says that the prose seems to be ""written for children to read"". Bingo ... it IS INTENDED for the 9-13 year old audience. Fast Food Nation had a major impact on my life and changed the way my family ate, but it certainly was not somethig that my children would have understood or been interested in reading. Now with this important book, my daughter will also be able to understand why we should choose not to eat junk and fast food. Thank you Mr. Schlosser for caring enough about our younger generation to take on the fast food industry. I am sure they don't make it easy for you.
For anyone who likes numbers, this book is a delight. Open it at random and find some fascinating treasure. Great for kids who are starting to reach out.
After buying this i found this is very good.But the MIR did not work for me.Thanks to amazon they have given me in lieu of the rebate from corsair
This author has a talent for telling it like it is, which seems to be pretty original for this genre. Reading as many books as I have about Windows, Java, HTML, etc., I have never enjoyed reading a book as much as I enjoyed reading this one. I will be first in line for Windows 2000.
Great product with near zero latency. For anyone else who needs info on Mac compatibility check here. http://www.line6.com/toneportux1/
Fántastico, lleno de los guiños a la realidad tan propios de Quino. Bueno, tanto para médicos como público en general, porque todos alguna vez nos vemos necesitados de recobrar la salud y este libro contibuye de manera excepcional.
Some people have commented about the sound. It sounds like a common air conditioner (but without the compressor noise). Part of making things compact is the fans get smaller and have to spin faster to do the same work. I'm using it mostly when the room is unoccupied, so it's not a concern at all.It's doing a fine job keeping the air clean. I may get another one or two sometime.I have allergies so I like to keep the air clean to prevent symptoms. I also use the air cleaner in my darkroom to remove dust that might otherwise end up on film and in photos.
The extraordinary, soaring beauty of ""Heima"" is beyond compare to almost anything I've seen or heard on the screen. The makers of this film have crafted a near-perfect document of sound and vision. Produced with just enough studio and cutting-room floor trickery, ""Heima"" showcases the Icelandic homeland with a singular reverence for its awesome natural majesty while presenting the musicians as humble subjects of the people for whom they perform. It is a moving, emotional film that I guarantee will transport you to a higher plane.
The length (short) of this novel causes it to be very efficient and effective. This story puts the MILLIONS of ""Romance junk novels"" to shame. Without taking off her bra or underwear, or his, Jack Kerouac paints the most beautiful-beatific emotionally wide-ranging ""romance"" / ""life"" story imaginable. Absolute mind-candy, the other reviews are right, makes you want to go to Mexico and have a good time-- even moreso if you are a poet or writer yourself.
I would consider this to be one of the best animes ever. It is like Sailor Moon, except with a better plot, more action, romance, and gore. It is the best ever!
Powerful and long-lasting fragrance, wear when you want to be noticed. I discovered this from a roomie I had when I studied abroad in Latin America a couple of years ago. I have been in love with it since then. Can't go wrong!
A tearful reminder that only through pain can you gain.The utter agony of listening to this CD proves worthwhile, since there is no other method better to strengthen one's soul than listening to Dave Horfendorf yodel his way through this collection.Imagine swallowing Drano and shards of glass, and you'll be able to fathom the aural torture this CD puts upon your body.Get this one for the loud neighbors next door!
I read a book about the crime of killing Karen Silkwood. I found it was very scary. Somehow because I have only seen nuclear weapons on TV the video wasn't able to scare me much.The book and the film too had that other element that is the career of a typical North American chemistry student.The nuclear chemistry industry is a very strange place to work.The film also shows typical seventies film making style. Although not a great one it is still layed back and realistic.
I am ordering two more of these. My YorkiePoo went through her first one in about three years. She chewed out the plastic in the bottom in about 12 months when she was a puppy but stilled played with the stump for 2 more years - There is a second bottom so even after she destroyed the plastic and the outside bottom we could still hide the squirrels in it. She is on her second one now. 80% of the time when she brings a toy to play fetch with it is the stump. She plays with the squirrels some but mainly the stump.
Very happy book came on time for class and looks new :) no missing pages and was here a week before it was spouse to great job was worrying but was a huge load off when it was here in time for class.
Excellent book. Provides considerations I've not thought of and validates the Holy Bible in ways I previously did not know. I like this book!!!
This book really caught my attention, it trully depicted project life. I read it in two days. I stayed up late and woke up at five in the morning to finish. I couldn't wait to read more about Winter's journey. This book could enlighten several individuals who think there is a future in the drug game.
I've never played any Devil may cry games, but would love to after plaing this one. Fun game that presents a nice challenge. Also the ability to play as two characters was a nice change of pace. Dante is awesome.
Any fan of Sum 41 absolutely needs to get this DVD. You get to see hilarious home movies made by the guys as well as one whole live concert. This dvd is over two hours of entertainment that is certainly worth the money.
Claire is a housewife stuck in an unhappy marriage, working for the Resistance movement. Ted is an Allied pilot whose plane crashes in Belgium. Ted comes to Claire's house and Claire nurses him back to health. The two fall passionately in love while Claire's husband is away helping the resistance movement. Claire and Ted are a perfect example that you don't have to be fluent in language to be able to say ""I love you"". Sadly, the real world catches up with them, with tragic consequences for both characters. The final chapter will break your heart. I recommend this book for anyone who desires a good, hearty read.
Recently, I became interested in dinosaur programs. Only thing: dinosaur programs, at least most of the ones I've seen, tend to take the side of the dinosaurs! Not this program. This program involves you in the lives of different people from that time. It was entertaining and original. I also enjoyed the graphics. If you are interested in this time period, I would reccommend this dvd. Then come back & tell everyone what you think!
I was introduced to this game by a friend before Christmas and ordered one for my self and 3 others for gifts. I had also told a friend about it and she also purchased the games for gifts and themselves. I have spent alot of time and my husband who has dementia and he has played with it as well. Suggest you obtain one and find the fun and challenge in this game.
""The Fisher King"" is one of my favorites; when I heard it was coming out on Blu-ray, I had to get a copy.Jeff Bridges & Robin Williams are solid and expertly cast in the movie. Jeff Bridges has grown through the years as a commanding presence on-screen, and with Williams - even though he is known for mostly comedy - when given the right role can really shine with pathos and dramatic sincerity.After ordering from Amazon.com, it arrived within two days and I was enjoying the movie on Blu-ray!
Old Dutch International Rustic Rectangular Pot Rack with HooksI love this. It was larger than expected and holds everything I have neatly. Would recommend each time. It looks nice as well.
If you are a fan of progressive house music with intense buildups and scary,slammin' peaks, then this is the CD for you. I am one of those people who is always searching for ""That song"", and will gladly pay fifteen dollars for a cd with just one such song. I Was amazed, as you will be also, that this CD contains nine incredible tracks. Each track on this album could easily by released alone as a single and would sell well. The beats are intense, and each of the songs is very different sonding from the last. This would be a great purchase for the trance lover who would like to add a progressive house cd to his collection. So if you love music that makes you want to party 'til 11 in the morning... then this is the perfect CD for you.
I use D'addario strings on all of my instruments. They have great tone and last a long time.
This was the 4th copy of the book that I have bought. I gave the other three away as gifts. An excellent read, and can be put down and picked up again without losing anything. I finally learned why the Armenians hate the Turks, the genesis of the Spanish Civil War, how long Rome was a republic, and so much more that I was curious about but never took the time to research. It filled in many of the holes in my knowledge of history, and also provided a time line for events. I teach, and am continually astounded by students' lack of knowledge of context in studying history. Should be required reading for all high School students.
This book has great plot. I'm a first reader of her novel, and I'll start to collect her books. This story is funny, romantis, and will make you hate to put this book down. The hero is really perfect, and so does the heroine. I can't wait to buy the next novel by Katherine Sutcliffe.
Another wonderful Rubinoos release, which features a new album of typically sharp power-pop studio tracks and a second live CD taken from a 1992 show. The live show sounds like an audience recording and so it's not as pristine as some may wish, but it's still a great treat and you'll feel like you were there.
I got the book from the high school library two years ago, I'm now out of school, but I wrote a few down and have tried a few of them, they are delicious!!!
I bought these lights to go under kithen cabinets to illuminate all of my stainless steel appliances on the counter top. They look beautiful in the kitchen especially at night. Great alternative to under cabinet wiring.
I have had my kindle for a short period of time, but I have died and gone to BOOK HEAVEN!!! I am an avid reader and the Kindle is now my wonderful book of all books. How fast the books arrive - I have always hated waiting on books that I ordered via mail. This certainly suits my lifestyle and I know I will never be without a kindle.When I decided to invest in an e-book reader, I did research on the Kindle and the Sony model. I am glad that I decided on the Kindle - it is everything and more than I anticipated.ThanksNancy
this is a cool game because mario gets all the fame so luigi gets the star and roll and luigi is not a baby if he went in the haunted mansion to get his bro.and i like the under dog but it has good grafics and most of my friends took 4 years to get to king boo and catch all 50 boos theres a big reward its the best games you should buy it.
WOW~ it was worth the wait! Nnenna's new CD has it all at its beck and Soulcall. The cover artwork is mesmerizing and her voice is so big and beautiful. She sounds better than ever and her band shines throughout (especially on the trio version of ""Amazing Grace""). My favorites are the Ella-esque leadoff track ""Better Than Anything"", the sultry ""Let It Be Me"" (featuring Kirk Whalum on sax) and the uplifting ballad ""One Child At A Time"" with background vocals by Sounds of Blackness. And just when I thought it couldn't get any better, Take 6 join Nnenna on an amazing acappella version of Nat King Cole's ""Straighten Up and Fly Right"". If you enjoy Jazz, Gospel or just a wonderful soulful singer, Soulcall is spellbinding! In fact, I venture to wager that there will be a lot of newborns named Nnenna in the years to come.
I got these socks to wear to work, since I work in a ""business casual"" environment. And I made a BIG mistake when I bought them. I should have gotten several packages at the same time. They're very comfortable and are holding up a lot better than my department store brand socks ever did. (One pair of those had a hole after two or three wearings!) They are definitely thicker than a dress sock, and slightly thicker than some casual socks, so if your shoes fit very tightly, these are probably not the socks you want. They are not as thick as a heavy winter wool or hiking sock, however. They are great with my casual shoes, though, and work very well with my work shoes. I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for socks. The colors were very nice, too. Nice to get some quality socks that aren't shocking white for a change.
Hi all. Although I haven't opened up this CD yet (because it's for my 12 year old for Christmas), I am so excited about it. I've watched Lindsay Lohan grow up on TV and I am so glad she has put out a CD. It's hard to find CDs for 12 year old girls that have content suitable for them nowadays. I've listened to the clips of Lindsay's ""Speak"" CD and can't wait for my daughter to open it so we can both listen to it. Judging by the clips it sound like this will be a quality CD to listen to and there won't be any need for skipping tracks. Way to go Lindsay! Keep up the good work and can't wait for you sophomore CD!
Learn the anatomy behind your muscles and why stretching is important. This book also includes several techniques for safe stretches.
Yes, this tape is extremely strong and works well in most places but it is getting harder to find them in a set of 6 without paying a lot for them. They are for a decent price here on amazon but when you do find them and that is if you do find them in the stores they can be very pricey.
I grew up with Sharon Lois and Bram and 25+ years later my little toddler is enjoying this great trio. Travellin' Tunes has all the classic Sharon Lois and Bram tunes!!
The author is one of those true bamboo experts, with lots of hands on growing experience under a cool British climate. The excellent photography, good descriptions, and many personal observations make this book so unique among the other, often repetitious books on bamboo. If you live in USDA Plant Hardiness zone 6 or cooler, this is your best book!
This album is definitely one of my favorite albums ever. My only complaint if that stupid my heart is yearning song. I always tend to skip that one. But i guess that every other song on the album makes up for it.Includes NOFX almost hits ""Linoleum"" and ""The Brews""!!!!
This adapter does exactly what it was intended to do. Only wish it was included with the Antec 900 case as standard equipment. Firewire is far superior to USB and much more versatile. The transfer rate was actually about 857Mbs under extented timeframes versus about 200Mbs for USB under the same circumstances. (As an aside, all new US warplanes have firewire features!)
Just one of the few lines Vegeta tells Goku when asked to do the fusion technique. Lots of cool action after Vegito (the fusion of Vegeta and Goku) gets absorbed into Majin Buu's body. For some reason, Vegito reverts back to Goku and Vegeta when they're inside Buu. Once fierce rivals, they work together to overcome the inner workings of Buu's body to rescue Piccolo, Trunks, Gohan, and Goten, who are trapped inside.I enjoyed this video because of its creativity and action - how often do our heroes fight within someone's body instead of fighting another person? The interaction and bickering between the two Saiyans cracked me up, as well as them trying to overcome Buu's bodily functions. As always, the DBZ video leaves you with a cliffhanging ending - you have to wait again until the next videos are on sale.
I do not normally listen to metal albums but this has become one of my fav cds. I even put the songs in my 'gym' work out mix, my 'I have to go sit on the subway for 10 hours' mix and of course my 'I'm walking down the street don't mess with me' mix. It really in powers the listener. That's what I love about it. It gets into you. And ok I think those vocals are so sexy!
This CD is Erics first studio-album since I Used To Be An Animal who was released in 1988. The recording of it actually took place in 1986.Now, after a break of almost 20 years, Eric is back with a new album. This is perhaps his best work ever. At least his best work released on CD! The first thing that strikes with me with this album is its wide spectre of songs; The latino Motorcycle Girl who geniously captures the picture of a relationship at its end to the jazzy Jazzman to the hard-hitting, Hammond-dominated Over The Border.A MUST for anyone who'd like to support a great artist and own a great piece of music!We're holding our breath, waiting for the next album, Eric!
I have a taylor t5 custom and use two of these in the winter when the house is dry. Its size fits into the small sound cutouts very nicely. I place one in each cutaway and am good to go. The larger guitar dampit is too large.
If you only buy one Dillinger Four album, buy ""Midwestern Songs..."" Of course, then you'll be upset that you can only buy one D4 album and you'll kill, cheat, and steal to get your hands on ""Situationist Comedy."" Again, Dillinger Four manages to take the best in insightful political lyrics and catchy, hook-filled pop punk, throw in a great blend of their two lead vocalists (Erik and St. Paddy), and come up with a timeless record. I couldn't even think of a dud on this disc, though I think my favorite (and this was a tight race, folks) is ""New Punk Fashions for the Spring Formal.""If you like music, you'll like Dillinger Four.
The lyrical prose of, In the Biblical Sense, gushed from the pages and showered me with the sweet excitement of new love. When my girlfriend shared her copy of the book with me, I was skeptical because formula romance books are not my idea of a good read. However, I was pleasantly surprised! Finally, an author who took the time and effort to create a classy romantic adventure filled with passionate, flavorful characters. Each chapter is introduced with provocative headings and thoughtful quotes that prepare the reader to be dazzled. The fast paced lyrical prose intrigued me to the point where I am now hooked on this outstanding writing style (even the astonishing way the book was brought to an end). Yes, I did buy my own copy and recommend that all lovers of a quality romance novel do the same. A one of a kind great novel!
I'm a great guitar jazz fan and buy a lot of albums including Kurt Rosenwinkel. I think I have all of them, at least the official ones. My two favorites are ""Deep Song"" on Verve and this one, ""East Coast Love"" with his trio including the incredibel Avishai Cohen on bass and the dynamic drummer Jorge Rossy. The sound is on high end level and so is the music. It has an excellent mix of standards and originals. It is hard to explain why it is so good, but whatever they do, it makes you feel you are a part of journey. Listen and most likely you will be completely embraced of the music and the sound. In spite of Kurt's and Avishai's relative youth on this album you really feel they are masters taking Pat Methenys and John Scofields playing to another level never heard of before. Go get it!
Given his bizarre, genre-twisting reputation, Quentin Tarantino's ""Inglourious Bastereds"" impresses most with its decidedly old-fashioned suspense scenes!Everyone knows about Christoph Waltz, but to me the real standout performance here is Melanie Laurent as the cinema proprietor, a real study in subtlety and total immersion in a role. And of course Brad Pitt is a reliable crowd-pleaser as Aldo Raine (Fave moment: When Pitt, already in close-up, leans forward and says ""Ah WILL have mah SCALPS!"" Terrific)This is as good as everyone says, and makes for a magnificently entertaining movie night. One you'll long remember.
I too used to watch this movie on saturday kung-fu theater (i had to have been 5 or 6 at the time). I could still remember the scene where two of the five are attcking SNAKE and one goes high the other goes low. That was some great s#!+If you've seen this flick, but haven't seen RETURN OF... then you are missing out.RETURN OF... right from the start grabs your attention and keeps it throughout. It begins with three men breaking into the home of one of their enemies to get revenge. He's not there, but his wife and son are. The three men kill his wife and cut his son's hands off. That's when daddy gets home and the story picks up... I don't want to spoil anything for you guys, but I'll say this: there's a pretty big twist right after the intro that you'll never expect (5 stars for this flick)
I love this album. Absolutely love it. That said, it doesn't hold a candle to the ""good"" Pavement records. S&E, CRCR, Wowee Zowee can't be touched. But I do like it better than Terror Twilight and BTC. You knew where Pavement and Malkmus were going. They steadily ironed out all the rough edges and dissonance by their fourth album. Malkmus' solo debut is the culmination of that process, being really, really poppy. The complexity of early Pavement is pretty much gone, and the joker personality of SM is in full effect here. But there are some achingly beautiful songs here, like Trojan Curfew, Church on White, Pink India, Deado... Then there's the goofy, fun stuff, like the sound effects in Troubble, the steel drum in Vague Space and the lyrics of the pirate tale, The Hook. Oh, and Jenny and the Ess-dog sounds just like Spit on a Stranger. But who cares? Lighten up and listen to it again. You'll like it. Trust me.
This is a great pedal to put at the end of your FX chain. I have it as the last on my pedalboard before my GNX4. It's always on & it only took me about a week to settle on how I liked it adjusted. There are only two knobs & I just played around with them untill I was happy with the sound. I do a lot of recording & I also checked the sound after recording. Can't reccomend it enough especially considering the price.
Yes, this is a lengthy book to slog through, but it is thoroughly enjoyable and completely unpredictable. The general plot has been told by other reviewers, so it will not be noted here. The chapter titles alone are enigmatic enough to keep you reading. My big question is what does it all mean? I'm sure the academic literary types have had a field day with this colossus! The tin drum is one HUGE, book-long symbol of what a person needs to get through life, I suppose... A very intellectual, compelling read for those patient enough to do so...
I loved this Replica book! However, if you have not read Perfect Girls #4, you might want to read that one first before you understand some of what they say. If you liked Amy, Andy, Aly, Annie, and Aimee you definitly want to read this book.Mr. Devon appears (??!!), the Pink Smocks appear, the Organization appears, this is a thriller, and keep you on the edge, as they face competition, survival, and friendship trust!Five stars all around!
I saw the movie by Norman Jewison and i have different feelings! I never knew that life can be so cruel& sudden! I was suprised! I felt pain when Rubin was taken into prison...And felt happiness and joy when he met his canadian friends!The final of the movie was unexpected. To my mind,""The Hurricane"" is a brilliant,splendid and it's very deep in ideas , thoughts.It's intense,heartfelt,serious.After watching the movie i want to read a book by Rubin Carter""The Sixteenth Round""!!!!!
This is the book I used to make my very first quilt. It takes you through all steps of making a quilt - buying fabric (all the measurements needed for a size are printed on one page), cutting fabric, and the assembly line method used for assembling the blocks is very easy to figure out and efficient - just make sure you sew straight! :)All of the instructions are very clear and the large amounts of pictures are especially helpful. I would highly recommend this to a beginner quilter.It may seem somewhat expensive since it is only one pattern, but the Quilt in a Day series is so user-friendly I find it well worth the price.
We bought this wagon for my 1yr old daughter for Christmas. Like many parents I was up late the night before assembling presents. Even in a sleep deprived state this wagon was a breeze to assemble.We've taken it for one spin thus far and it seems sturdy and holds our daughter securely. If you are looking for a fun wagon for the kiddos and don't want to spend a fortune look no further!
Everyone's reviews were SO on the money. Digweed is a genius. A musical genius. It is good from the start - - different than what we're used to, but get over it already! The beats flow, the melodies are completely original and you won't want it to end. Right now I am in the mode where I refuse to listen to anything else. Go for it!!!
Im am a huge Terminator fan, and have seen all the movies more than twice, and I have to say this is the BEST of the whole series!!! The movie is action packed and has a sloid plot, with many twists and turns, that leave you guessing throughout the whole movie. Christian Bale And Sam Worthington in my opinion both played an excillent role in the movie. I won't really tell the plot for those of you who have never seen it, but all i'll say is that it takes place a few years after Terminator 3, and Skynet has terminated half of the human race, now creating different types, and models of Terminators to destroy those who survived the deadly attack, now called the Resistance. Buit when Skynet produces it's deadlyest Terminator model yet, the fate of the world is again in the hands of John Connor, and a few freinds, oh and lets just say...lol....Arnold's Back. 5/5!
This book was about a boy named Judson moon. He didn't really watch the show where the presidents were running for. his friend lane was the one to come up with idea that a kid should run for president. Judson moon started campaighning to be president. This book was a real great book.
I had bought this movie used at Fat Cats in Boone and it played almost half of it so I to get another copy. I love amazon because movie prices they're reasonable and you can ALWAYS find what you want.
This is an excellent critical edition of the initial edition of the Time Machine by Leon Stover.Most reprints of the Time Machine and other of Wells' SF novels typically use later revisions. Stover argues effectively for the greater artistic merit of the initial editions. It is part of a series of extensively annotated editions of Wells' science fiction. The editor also has a lengthy introduction which discusses the context and ideas permeating each novel. Stover makes good use of previous studies while also providing his own illuminating analyses. What I like is that Stover keeps close to what Wells wrote and said in his various books and recorded conversations ratherthan spinning some personal take on the novel. Please do not confuse this with a typical reprint of the Time Machine or any of his other sf novels. It is much more. Serious readers of HG Wells should get the series.
This book proved to be an entertaining police novel.HoustonPolice Detective Stuart Haydon investigates a murder done execution style. He sees signs of Los Tecos,a Latin-American death squad that specializes in political assassinations.Haydonwinds up pursuing this group and they prove to be difficult.Houston,Texas is about to undergo a gang war,Latin style.Haydon is in for the fight of his life.This book shows good knowledgeof police work.You are treated to the Hispanic side of the world of crime. This is a very interesting book that will hold yourattention. Read this. You will not be dissapointed.
I had seen this movie in the past and wanted a copy of our own. Even though it was set in a different time and place it is timeless. The expressions on Lucy and Ricky's face going up the mountain is priceless. The scenery and beautiful colors are amazing. Diffently a keeper.
This book is worth having for the Money Management techniques alone!!Some of the chart patterns have been around for a while and are good stand alone, but when coupled with some of his other easy to follow analysis ideas makes this a must read for all traders whether it be end of Day or Intraday. This book contains vital information that Larry normally only discloses in his Million Dollar Challenge Seminars (MDC 2000). He gives examples of these techniques in action -not just selected winners- but a whole year of take you by the hand trading examples. Momentum indicators, %R all uniquely blended in an easy to follow daily trading ritual. Excellent and enjoyable.
Keyboard is great, lighting is not need during the day and actually makes it hard to see the keys (if you are looking when typing) so I tend to turn off the lighting during the daytime hours. Works great in the dark though. Great feel and nice soft sounding keys when you are typing.Only drawback is there is NO volume control on the keyboard... other than that it is a great keyboard.
This book keeps you on the edge of your seat. Not only is the protagonist the most awesome (and likable!)tough gal, but the ending of the story is one of the most satisfying ever!!
Total teenie chick flick movie, but as a guy I found it surprisingly very fun to watch. This one proudly goes in my DVD collection and is definitely a must watch.
This is one of the better films made in the past several years. Josh Brolin, Javier Bardem and Tommy Lee Jones give absolutely superior performances; in fact, there's not a sub-standard performance in the entire film. A must see film!
Gave one each to my two grandsons. They loved it! Now they want to go on a bear hunt with grandma!
Okay, this cap is really stylish. But I think the sewing isn't quite finished. There were loose threads all over my caps when I got them. Not to mention the parts that weren't even sewed... no threads at all.
THis toy was great, but basically the same as the Animal Planet Dinosaur playland. My son loved both of them. The other review here said it was just an empty box!!! Boy is she wrong. My box is packed full of fun dinosaurs! My 3 year old is in heaven!
I have worn a size 12 boot since 17 years old. I was swimming in these thorogoods. I have sent them back for an exchange. I will update once I receive the smaller size. Other than that they felt great and well built. This is the perfect summer boot for us Operating Engineers. Non insulated and fairly light.Oh by the way, Buy American made Union Made
I am very happy with my Waveceptor, which I purchased a year ago. It synchs every morning at 4 or 5. I point it toward Colorado and put it on a windowsill when I'm in a hotel or other steel building; in my house in Maryland, it works great! I love knowing that I have the exact time. The alarm and night light work great. I traveled to Europe for two weeks and it did not recognize the European signals, but when I returned it was still in perfect time. My crystal has no scratches. None. Maybe Casio has improved the crystal?
I believe that this book is very well written. It is so far one of the best love story books that I have read in my life. I believe that it is one of charles dickens' best books that he has written. The only thing that i don't like about the book is the ending. the publishers should have kept charles dickens' original ending. If the publishers had not changed the original ending, to me, this book would have been a fife star book.
I'm happy with these earbuds. Most earbuds don't fit my very narrow ear canals. These fit well, though they create some pressure which is slightly uncomfortable though tolerable. The result of the seal is that it keeps out nearly all outside sound. This allows me to listen without turning the volume up, and that's good for my ears. The sound reproduction is good and pleasant, though the bass is rather lacking. The price is a lot better than the high-end earbuds, so overall, I'm quite satisfied. It's a good compromise among comfort, sound, and price. I recommend these earbuds.
I was pleased when I saw this version on TV that I wanted to purchase it. Patrick Stewart does a wonderful job as Scrooge. His interactions with the three spirits especially Christmas present are very well done. The spirit of Christmas present echos his own words back at him as a reminder to think about what he is saying. Of special note is the presentation of ""ignorance"" and ""want"" shown under his robe as the two starving children. Often overlooked they remind both Scrooge and the viewer the importance of remembering the less fortunate during the holiday season.
So far I've been using this product for a month. I bought it for breakouts on my upper arms. The appearance of the breakout have faded and my skin is becoming smoother. I also use it on my face. I haven't had any breakouts since the first week. I use it every other day and hopefully within the next two month my arms will be blemish free.
This amp and a $15 regulated power supply replaced a Hafler DH-220 that was drawing 120 watts at idle and 180 watts in operation. This set up will eventually pay for itself in power savings. As a bonus, it sounds as good or better in my computer audio system.Initially, the amp was really bright and harsh, but I let it run with an input signal for 72 hours and the sound improved significantly. I wasn't really a believer in ""break-in"" for solid-state electronics, but the sound did improve over time. I have a separate high end system, so it's not just becoming accustomed to the T-Amp.The T-Amp and power supply combination isn't especially attractive, but it fit in with the rest of my hardware environment. I see that there is a version two T-Amp with power supply close to the price I paid for the amp and separate power supply.
This has been one of the best books I've read on diesel engines. I'm not sure if it is a textbook, but is detailed like a textbook, but easy to understand. It doesn't deal much with the new diesel controls, but is a very good basic diesel book. I would recommend it as a first read for anyone wanting to learn more about the basics of the diesel engine.
Exercising can be fun...try this DVD. It's all dance, easy to follow steps and you feel like you are in the class.This is for the beginner/intermediate or the very fit person who just needs something light. It's definitely a keeper.
It is what it is, the information all seems to be in there, could possibly be laid out better, I don't know for sure though. I've not gotten all the way through it, but it seems with some practice and dedication this could improve most anyone's understanding of music theory and chord/scale relationships.
Yes, its another American Idol. Yes, this song could've easily gone to Kelly Clarkson and Kimberly's voice can easily be mistaken for her's....but it's still a very strong song. It's a kind of uptempo-ish ballad with a strong pop melody and maybe just a touch of country. Strong pop ballads are a rarity and it's nice to see ""8th World Wonder"" pulling off some airplay. This a worthy purchase for AI fans or fans of good pop period.
Well, I have bought the wheel for GT3 and was curious about the content and facts of these reviews... I would like to go someway to putting he record straight:1) This wheel is FULLY compatable with GT3, but admittedly is a little fiddley to set up.2) The 'play' in the wheel is controllable and can be altered so you only have to turn it slightly for a responce.The only game I have found the wheel difficult to configure for is Driver. Unfortunately this is more to do with the programming of the game as opposed to the wheel itself due to the lack of controllable options in the game. It will work porperly but without the pedals.The following games I have all work fine (maybe with a little tweaking though).GTGT2GT3TocaToca 2Colin McCrae RallyI hope this helps as it is definately the best wheel I have used upto now....
Although this is a work of fiction, the story of Jenna Haywood and Randolph Fuller is evidence that ""soul mates"" do exist. This love affair began when Randolph and Jenna were in college and never faltered. Tragedy sent them their separate ways, living separate lives.Later, when Jenna calls on Randolph for a favor (to represent an old college friend on trial for murder) they realize that they are still very much in love with each other even after 12 years of separation. Randolph and Jenna's lives together and apart are infused with lies, deceit and tragedy but their love is the tie that binds. Brenda Jackson's writing is simply amazing.Reviewed by Ronna Walls
This is a great non-stick pan. I love it because you really do not need to add anything to your food to keep it from sticking. The only downfall is it's weight. It is heavy and hard to handle when moving it from the stove to the counter or elsewhere. The lid is also a nice feature for the price. A great deal overall.
Packed of useful informationGood reference book.Saves lots of time while on construction site.
One reviewer said that Evanescence seems to have an obsession with death. I think if I had grown up in Arkansas, I'd probably want to die too.
I'm not an audiophile, so I can't really comment on the quality of these speakers, but they sound fine to me. However, they do NOT have a ""wall plug for extra power"" as stated in the product description. The only power comes from three AAA batteries. I was looking for something that wouldn't require me to carry batteries around, so this was disappointing. The speakers and power pod do pack together into an ostrich-egg sized unit, so the whole thing can tuck into an odd corner of my duffle bag.
I have had my 20GB iPod for about 3 weeks and it is a wonderful product except for the price. It looks nice and stylish. Quality is excellent, the earphone set is good but the pads can be better. I replace the original earpads with a $2 set from Radio Shack. One thing that I don't like the ipod is that all parts are non-replaceable. The battery, the hard drive, the electronic part... I am concerned most about the battery. Battery will die overtime, its capability of keeping charge degrades over time. The hard drive is also tends to fail overtime. It is a matter of when not if and it can happen within a year.
Excellent soundtrack to an excellent film. The several variations on the title theme are each interesting and the other pop numbers (including the Mindbenders, who are quite good) very entertaining. The rest of the disc comprises mainly musical cues and the film's percussive score is evocative of the film. Recommended. Collectors' note : half of the future Led Zeppelin play on this disk....
this is a pretty damn good cd, i wish i never gave it away. i was a huge offspring fan during my 8th, 9th ,and high school years. but now im really not into them anymore. a little while ago i started downloading the offspring and i was like ""why did i give away ixnay on the hombre""? that was a bad move because i really like a lot of the songs on this cd, and especially Smash. (I gave Smash away to). My favorite songs on this cd are Mota, Cool To Hate, I Choose, and Gone Away. If you like this I also recommend Smash and Conspiracy of One. Skip Americana its to pop/punkish for me. Anyway the Offspring are a good band and they sound even better live, so just buy this damn cd already!
Not a bad bike for the price. Took about 20 minutes to assemble it. It does have some issues, such as very noisy brakes. But I think that is from the brake pad material contacting the steel wheel rims. I also had to take the front wheel to the bike shop to have it 'trued up' as it had a definate 'wow' in it. So, all in all, not bad for an entry level bike.
Intelligent, mostly well acted filming of the stage play, as 6 people exonerated from death rowtell their true stories, mostly as monologues, against a black background.A powerful argument against the death penalty, it feels a bit stuck between embracing it'stheatricality of approach, and trying to work as a more cinematic piece both in the way itsshot, the occasional awkward `flashbacks' and in the `size' of the performances, which rangefrom understated and small to quite theatrical and presentational.But whatever questions one might have about the stylistic choices, there's no question thatthese are powerful, important true stories in that every rarer thing, a dramatized American film thathead on addresses an issue with passion and intelligence.
I bought this cord as a subsitute for a gold chain. It works very well, is comfortable, and doesn't pinch the skin.Perfect for the purpose.
This is close to being the last recording bearing the sound of the original Freshmen, since peerless lead tenor Bob Flanigan is still with the group. Traditionalists may be quick to dismiss the session because of the program, consisting of much pop ephemera from the 70s and 80s. Give it a chance. As much as I ignored the overrated original song material (by Christopher Cross, Donald Fagen, Stevie), the Freshmen do the period a favor by turning banal folk, disco and soul tunes into stunning evergreens. Unlike past and future editions, this group (which I caught live circa 1990) employed an electronic synthesizer-keyboard, permitting the inclusion of more current repertory. The main thrust behind the selection of songs and arrangements for this, the most ""contemporary sounding,"" Freshmen unit was keyboardist-trombonist Rod Henley. For anyone who's interested in a fairly representative collection of the Freshmen, this one deserves to be included.
A good deal of what this book covers should already be known to a professional writer. That said, the book reminds the writer about the special characteristics of medical writing.
Nice movie. As a fan of WB, I am planning to collect all the Superman Animated TV series, Batman Gotham Adventures series, Gotham Girls TV series, Animated Justice League TV series but how come no DVDs are out? ( Except for Justice League and even so, it's slow. Only till 'Paradise Lost' ) I am willing to pay good money for all these shows!
James Franco plays a very attractive former military man who returns home to his less than stellar family. I loved this movie. It was original and something different. James Franco deserves some indy awards buzz for his portrayal of Sonny. Nicholas Cage did a great job with his directorial debut. There is not much I didn't like about this film. It was something different and I appreciated that. Nick Cage also shines in his brief cameo in the film.
This is a book for those who appreciate tightly written and character-rich writing. The Tesseract is a stunning change for Garland. Unlike in his previous novel, The Beach, he draws his scenes and characters with great sensitivity.For example, there are two brilliantly written funeral scenes. One of them, concerning the disfigurement of a child during a funeral, is particularly gripping. When Garland came to Seattle for a reading, I asked him where he got the idea for this scene. He then told a story of him attending a funeral in the Philipines during which the deceased's body was accidentally exposed and broken apart to the shock and horror of everyone there. All who see him on his book tour should ask him about it; it will rivet you.
product works great the only thing that I thought was B.S. was that to have your returns sent in via internet you have to pay an additional $32.00 and the turbotax company doesnt do anything additional except collect the money. in other words the ability to send it via the internet is already on the disk that you have already purchased.
I've been using these earbuds for few weeks now. So far they have served their purpose. Sound quality is some where between average and good. They are comfortable and serve their purpose as my workout earbuds. My only complaint would be that they are not very good noise-reducing headphones.
This wagon was easy to put together and is very sturdy, but after reading other reviews about the wood turning black when it gets wet I decided to stain all the wood before installing it and it looks a lot better then the plain unfinished wood you receive. The turning radius also hurts it's overall rating but I modified the bottom of the wagon with a few simple handtools and it turns much sharper now yet is still stable with no hint of tipping over or anything like that. For the price it's a great buy and if you paint or stain the wood most people will be happy with it and for those who are mechanically inclined, the turning radius can easily be improved.
I haven't liked a PM5K release since Mega Kung Fu Radio. Tonight the Stars Revolt was very one dimensional and I completely understand the need to change. This CD is a vast improvement. The songs are catchy and well written all the way through. I bought this and the new Deftones at the same time and was pleasantly surprised by this and horribly disappointed by the Deftones. Didn't expect that.
I think this book is a cool book! I found out when I started reading the book, that Tom Sawyer was a trouble-maker. I thought the book would be stupid but the book came out to be good! It says that he flirts with two girls in school, Amy and Becky. Then it says how he got his Bible and the rest of the stuff. i thought it was a great book!
I bought this camera to replace an older Kodak digital I got around 2000 and was very comfortable with. I was very pleased with the features for the price of this model, as well as the other reviews I read. I haven't had an opportunity to use it much yet other than a some quick pictures around the house, but so far I love it. It's very simple to figure out and gives excellent results. It does burn up batteries pretty fast, but only two at a time, so rechargeables are definitely the way to go. The drawback for me has been the EasyShare software, which I ended up uninstalling. It was too intrusive and slowed my computer down (probably my computer's fault more than the software). I prefer to just directly load the photos to my computer by putting the memory card into the slot on my computer and using other software to edit if needed. Overall, I think the camera is great and would definitely recommend it!
The New Album Of Ja's Isnt tha best one he has ever made but it is one of tha better ones it has some god duo's on it,but him and ashanti have done enough dou's together and they need to start doing there own music. The Are Great singers together but its gettin a little old. Thug Lovin is one of the best tracks on his new album. Him and Bobby Brown did a great job of recordin it and making a pretty PHAT video of that single.There are some pretty bad tracks but only about two of them i think You will find out yourself when u hear the album. On the brighter side of this album it is a great album. I think that he ais a great rapper and he needs to stick with rappin instead of bein an actor. He is better than DMX but he has his days. Thats All for now talk to ya on my next review!
This is a comprehensive overview of the problem of BPD that enables a person to cope with the syndrome exibited by those close to them. A good book that gives you information to steel yourself and deal with the situation helping you retain your personal integrity in crisis.
This is a murder mystery plus romance that involves beautifully proportioned people who are initially called to participate in a treasure hunt. There is a fetish for tall and good looking detectives because they all are in this book. They are also young. The mystery is not hard to solve. In fact, the reader could guess correctly who he/she is early in the story but the real question is how to expose the culprit. The hero and heroine are passionate and of course as in any other romance type of reading, they are always hungry for each other and the writer brilliantly makes sure that her readers are sated.
Bought this as a gift for family and it works well. The only thing I don't like is the body is a little wide and the toaster cover they have fits on tightly. Also, it's designed to have the long end facing front not sideways because the control and gauge is at the back when having it sideways, which they have it due to counter space. It's more expensive but good quality compared to most of the junky ones you see in the stores.
I purchased this book, just to see how boot camp has changed over the years. It has, but it's still tough and it should be. Semper FiAnd My Mother Danced with Chesty Puller: Adventures of a Marine in the rear, to combat in Vietnam
In the States, you're not that exposed to foreign bands. I saw these guys live and kickn' with Sevendust and Godsmack. As far as moshin' and crowd envolvement, these guys put on the best show. Once I saw them, I had to get their cd which was well worth it.
First I will say I am a 26 year old woman, I've been on DrDubrows acne cure programme for 8 weeks, and while my acne has lessened it hasn't completely gone yet.After a long, exhaustive search I found an antioxidant moisturizer that contains tocotrienol, vitamin c ester and alpha lipoic acid. Nutribiotics make an oil-free hydrating facial mist that contain all these ingredients (plus others), it is relatively inexpensive, can be purchased through amazon, and can be shipped worldwide.
These speakers deliver decent sound for the price. The included carrying case is a nice bonus!
I really enjoyed the series. The experts team is awesome and some of the tasks are shocking. I will totally buy the next season!
If you like reading about Renunciates this is the book for you! In this book they have to be brave right when evil is staring them straight in the face. I thought this book was one of the best books about Darkover!!!
The video was the right length to keep my sons attention. Because toddlers get bored quickly. He really enjoyed playing the games after he had watched it, which is a plus, because that is what will get him to watch it again.
These are basic figures that delight my 6 year old daughter. They are exactly what you expect. I like this kind of toy because it requires active, imaginative play. 4 instead of 5 stars because they are slightly more expensive than I would have liked to pay, but not a rip-off by any means.
I love this amime because it's so different form a lot of the stuff we are watching now-and-days. A very well put togeter show that every out-of-the-box person should watch.
I enjoy the team of Milo Sturgis and Alex Delaware. Milo is an a police officer and Alex a pychologist. The ""monster"" is Ardis Peake who is in Starkweather which is for the criminally insane after being convicted of killing his mother and the family that she works for. There are many strange murders taking place in the area and the ramblings of Peake make it sound like he knows all about them. Peake is heavily sedated and has had no visitors. It is a great plot but the story could definitely been condensed. Definitely worth reading but not the best in the Sturgis/Delaware series.
A lot of this book could be considered ""common sense"" as most psychology is but it is very helpful to put a finger on why certain communications tend to be more successful than others. The best part of the book is its straightforward layout and the authors effective use of summarizing the main points to drive them home and make them more memorable. Some examples for each principle are less satisfying than others which is the main reason for taking off one star. Overall the book is quite effective and I would be surprised if most people did not pick up at least a couple of ways to improve their interactions.I recommended this book to anyone looking to improve their communication skills.
I actually enjoyed watching this movie, despite all the negative feedback it's had. I think if you like all of the other 3 movies you'll enjoy this as long as you keep an open mind.
Ordered this for my bf, because he was always accidentally hitting the 'back' and 'forward' buttons on his old mouse with his thumb. He can't be the only one that has had this problem!
Bought dishes for daughter as a gift. All arrived safely in good condition and within the expected timeframe.
Very nice set of cookware. It will work great for what cooking we do...It is not as ""heavy duty"" as the Biltmore or Emeril brand from Belk's. The bottom is not as thick. In my opinion the cuisinart brand should not be considered ""professional cookware"" because the the thickness and ""heavy duty"" feel is just not present as it is in the above mentioned brands from Belk.
I am a big fan of Top Chef, but contestant Betty makes this season almost unwatchable. The winner is also pretty hard to like. But, the challenges are interesting, and there's always a twist! This is fun for cooks and avid eaters alike.
Let me preface this by explaining that I've carried a folding knife with a clip in my pocket since I was 14. I've been through everything: Spyderco, kershaw, gerber, smith and wesson, ETC. I really like this knife design, it's lightweight and the handle fits well in my hands... Well it would if I was like 8. I know it says mini but this thing is SMALL. It'll serve me well until I buy another one but doing it again I would have bought the fullsize. It was super stiff when I opened it up, the blade was quite hard to open and the blade lock was WAY too stiff. It's part of the handle and I had to adjust it so my friends with less manly hands (and my girlfriend) could use it without issue. I just used some tools and bent the lock side of the handle and the belt clip until they were a bit looser and it'll work for now. Overall a good knife at a great price but a bit on the small side for me.
This was a good movie adaptation of the original. I generally don't care for remakes but this is an exception. The only thing that would have made this better is if the lead role would have been played by someone other Tom Cruise.
This Urn was exactly what i was wanting to satisfy our needs in placing our sons remains in. It came in a very nice box and represented our family well. Shipping and Handling went without incident and was on time. Very Nice Urn.
So after reading on the raving reviews on these sheets I finally broke down and bought some. The bulk of the reviews were correct. These sheets are very thick, and soft. Fit my queen mattress well and they are in some aspects the best sheets I've ever owned. Retrospectively I wish I had not have gone for the Sage Green but a darker color. I have to lint roll these sheets every day because hair clings to them like crazy and my black hair on the sheets is very obvious and off putting. Also, in the evening when my room is lit only by artifical light, the green is so pale it looks gray and rather clashes with the dark brown tones in my comforter. If you do buy these sheets, the first time you dry them stop the dryer half way through and clean your lint trap or else they will never dry. Overall though great sheets.
This is a very nicely produced bilingual selection of Garcia Lorca's poetry. The bilingual versions give even non-Spanish speakers a glimpse of Garcia Lorca's languge. There is a good deal of impressive poetry in this collection. I favor the earlier and later poetry. Some of the poetry from the middle of Garcia Lorca's abbreviated life exhibits more dense imagery and language, making it harder to understand.
This is a great tea kettle if you are wanting the high-quality of Kitchenaid with a fun color! The color displayed is very close to the real orange color in the picture -- so you will not be disappointed. It is a very sturdy kettle and easy to use, the handle and pour spout are rubberized so you will not burn your hands. Overall, worth the price!
Matthew Sweet made his indelible mark on the music world with albums that resonate with Pop, Rock, and a sense of fun. Girlfriend and the aptly titled 100% Fun are two such examples of the musical legacy he has left in his wake. Recent releases have not lived up to such lofty standards but have been decent nonetheless.Kimi Ga Suki, a fan ""Thank You"" cd for the devoted SweetHeads in Japan, is a semi-return to form. Fun, energetic, spontaneous...none of the baggage that or writing-by-numbers performances that drag down some other releases. You are not going to find songs that will define the decade for you as some of his earlier work has for me (can't hear Divine Intervention without opening a time-capsule of memories from a distant era gone by) but you will find an enjoyable listen from start to finish. Buy this album. Enjoy this album for what it is...a thank you note from a pretty cool guy.
Another goodie for the collection. This is one that I like to watch again & again. I'm happy that I will finally own it.
Tried product on myself before using it with our 1 year old dog, would not suggest using higher levels, 5 was enough for me. We only had to zap him once, now responds to the tone. That is a very nice feature. Suggest getting the lithium batteries with collar. Overall, good product and cheaper then going to PetSmart.
These glasses are great for driving and reading in the sun, but the bifocal line is too low for working at eye level or above your head (I work construction in the AZ sun). Otherwise, the're built well, seem to be quite scratch resistant, good eye protection and far less expensive than others that I've looked at.
I am only about half way through this book with a study group, but I can tell you already it has helped me come to terms with some things I just couldn't face. It is good to do this with a group if at all possible because you'll find out you're not the only one dealing with this ...and other perspectives are very helpful. I am very encouraged that by the end of this book, I will be ready to move past this dark area of my life and be free to be who God made me to be... and maybe even help others too.
I bought an old wood stove with the name SPENCE, BAGGS & CO. written at the back below and the words PRIZE FRANKLIN written at front. Anyone have knowledge about this?
This little gizmo squeezes the bejeezsus out of small to medium-sized garlic cloves and after a month of using it mine still hasn't broken.However, the little plastic clean-up assist part that was included with mine promptly bit the dust after a few of the plastic pins misaligned with the garlic press holes and broke-off. Afterwards the plastic cleaning punch became useless. I'm back to using a small brush to clean the garlic press.Note that the promo says this unit minces garlic cloves without peeling; well, that is somewhat true but only if you're planning to mince only a couple of cloves of garlic before clean-up. Also, when you press an unpeeled clove it seems that the juices squirt out the back side (in my face!) almost as much as they do thru the die (holes). Solution: peel the cloves before mincing.
I can never get enough of Jill's witty lyrics and melodies. This album is a must have for new and long time fans alike. Long live the Cult!!!!!!
Pros: This product is great, I am considering buying another one. I would not recommend it for your calf muscles as it is a little to hard on them, but for the feet, it is AMAZING. If you are not massaging your feet, you can use it as an ottoman.Cons: Pending how big your calf muscles are this ottoman can be a little to hard. To the point that it simply hurts. Also, the price is a little steep.Buy this product if you are on your feet most of the day or find that your feet could use a little massaging at the end of the day. You will not regret it.
I purchased this book for a friend who is currently in prison. He is a big fan of James Patterson and he stated that the book was ""Off da chain"". He is awaiting the next book Double Cross. Thanks for the timely shipping.
Cliff bars are one of the best pre-packaged energy bars that I have tried. Besides their portability, these bars do a great job with providing you nutrition with such a small serving. I am amazed how long one of these bars can take me through the day. I take a few of these bars along with me when I am hiking or hunting because you cannot carry a lot of weight (ie. food). The bars themselves have a somewhat mild taste but I don't mind since the ingredients are mostly organic.I will recommend the Odwalla Bar if you like an energy bar with a cake like consistancy.
Among the plethora of releases Rob McConnell now has to his credit this is one of my favorites. While McConnell's compositions and arrangements are always a treat, this particular selection of tunes as well as the soloists complement each other better than most of McConnell's previous albums. Alto saxophonist John Johnson's solo on ""Invitation"" is first rate - worth purchasing for its own sake. If you are a fan of big band music and/or Rob McConnell this is recommended listening.
I first heard this lady on Rod Stewart's last album and was intrigued by her voice. I was a little disappointed by her album which didn't live up to the promise of her duet. However as a debut album I thought it was inventive, I especially liked the ending, and while some tracks I think missed their mark, overall I found it pretty ggod. Subsequent recordings will only get better in my opinion as she finds herself and develops her style. I can only agree with the comment that she sounds like Eartha Kitt in slow motion. I look forward to her next CD.
Just picked up this DVD (from Amazon, of course) and boy is it great! It's almost like watching a completely different movie. The colors are great, the image is super clear, and the 5.1 channel sound is also good. It's about time this movie got the DVD treatment. It's just too bad there weren't a lot of fun things on the disc. This movie is considered, by some, to be the best sequel, (I disagree, part II is still the best after the original) and it does deliver the goods. Featuring John Carpenter's creepy Halloween theme, and great music, this movie is sure to scare you. The DVD is a must for any horror fans!
This powerful juicer gets your juice ready in seconds and it is easy to clean. I often use it twice a day and don't mind the cleaning part of it. At the price of a little over one hundred dollars, this one may be the best buy. I sure am happy of the choice I made.
I use my Light Therapy every day. I am having less pain. I would recommend this item for neuropathy in the feet.
I love my 30G iPod. I currently carry in the neighborhood of 5,000 songs with me wherever I go. Rating songs and making smart playlists on iTunes really allows me to enjoy all my music in a way that would be very difficult to pull off any other way. The Pod itself is well-built, the menus are easy to navigate and the screen is nice.Why not 5 stars? There are a few things that I don't like or understand. Not only can I not transer songs/playlists from one computer (home) to another (work), I can't hook up my iPod and play them through the second computer at all. Yes, you can transfer them over like a jump drive but why do I have to go through the extra work of rating songs and making playlists when I've already spent a ton of hours doing it once? I can also only acquire songs to my library via the first computer.
(Don't let the number of stars fool you. I only give the Bible a five. Four means I would *buy* this one.)This is a fun read that is very upbeat. I have read it three times, checking it out of the library, and each time come away feeling better about the world. Good things can happen, even in a yucky future!Linc (short for Lincoln?) really overcomes an awful background. Nice!
I could not put this book down, but thought she over did explaining her childhood. Other than that I found this to be one of the most heartbreaking books I've ever read. Her abilityto describe the smallest detail made me feel as though I waswatching a movie instead of reading a book.
I was a also a bit dubious about the usability of this product. And living in the UK it meant I had to post it to my mate Rick in Philly, and he posted it on to me! Anyway, when it arrived I was pleased in all respects. The size is good, the built quality seems fine, the keys response was good (not too spongy - if that's a word), and the main thing the response time is immediate. I was worried that you would need to s-l-o-w down the typing speed in order to allow the software to keep up, but last night I was merrily typing in telephone numbers and never found I was going to fast. While its a bit of a clunky unit to use ALL the time, its fine to keep in your bag, and when the thought of typing a long e-mail using Graphiti (how DO you spell it?) seems a bit daunting, just plug this in, and away you go. The keys are a BIT small, but then we'd all moan it was too big if they made them bigger! Highly recommended.
Not bad sound for a wireless 900hz set. Controls are simple & easy to set.Good for garage or basement sound without running wires. AC or rechargable/non-rechargable battery power source makes them quite portable.
The book was different than your standard mystery, but once I got into it I refused to put it down. It's very well written, well edited, and it's even got a nice cover. I've bought all Mr. Snyder's books so far, and I'll buy the next one, too.I'd rate it five stars, but I want to leave the author and editor a little breathing room. These characters grow on you, even Waldo.Pretentious? Nah! You have to think a little, but that never hurt anybody.Thanks for another collection of words worth every penny I spent to read them.
Great book to read. Author has a definite hold on his readers with a much more realistic storyline and characters than the unrealistic stories generated by North American authors.
MALICE is a fun, raunchy roll (in a good way), reminiscent of John Waters and Mel Brooks. The production design is amazing, as well as the costuming and make-up. If you love hilarious ""drag"" content, you'll love this film.
works well, quiet compared to other models.no odor problems as others have stated, just follow directions, not much work keeping it clean and running well
Fatboy Slim delivers overall solid beats and rhythms on this impressive mix CD. The style ranges from house to trance to electronica, and the whole thing works well. The disc sets the tone for the inefectious housed-up ""Austins Groove"" by Kid Creme, the trippy yet infectious ""Where's Your Head At"" by the ever-funky Basement Jaxx, and Fatboy Slim's own ""Star 69."" The disc does have a few minutes of filler, but I was overall impressed. Whether you're looking for music for a party or a good disc to workout with, ""Live on Brighton Beach"" is a smart move.
I felt bad for Nicholas throughout this book. It seemed like he just couldn't catch a break with anything he tried to do. If I'm remembering correctly, this is the only book in the Fear Street Sagas that RL Stine actually wrote himself. Everything else was ghost written. I think I would've liked the series more if he had written them himself. This is definitely a good read.
My daughter has to read this for her 10th grade english class and I decided to check it out myself. It is not as well written or as compelling as 1984 but it is still a very good read. The author makes a number of excellent points. To me it felt like film noir mixed up with some comic book qualities in my imagination. Still, a very good read with lessons to share.
the book is very well written, thought out, informative and to the point. overall the author did a great job on the subject, however it seems there was a lot of room for further discussion. although i would almost consider the book a must for someone interested in learning the practice i wouldn't recommend using it as a sole source.
Faring a little better than Edward Herrmann, but still no Fred Gwynne. Then again who ever could be? Sam MacMurray turns out a heartwarming childlike performance as he tries to bring the meaning and spirit of Christmas to his family. Especially Eddie. I will be picking this one up. And I hope they'll release the predecessor HERE COME THE MUNSTERS also. You know and I know nothing can ever come close to the original series. But at least their hearts are in the right place.
A must-have for Alan Lee fans. Contains loads of sketches, paintings, and personal musings on his experience while on the set of Peter Jackson's LORD OF THE RINGS Saga.
I like it that this is a made in the USA product. It is nicely made and is not too long as some trendy tanks are these days. Only one thing, it runs very small. I ordered a size large and it is much smaller than some of my medium tanks by other makers. Next time I order, it would have to be an XL. I usually wear a size medium in Lands End, LL Bean, Eddie Bauer tanks.
I never watched Westerns as a kid, so my recent introduction to the Trinity movies was a real treat. These movies aren't of the best quality (production-wise), but I understand from other reviews that this particular version is far superior to any others out there. But the stories are hilarious, and everyone in my family loved them - from my 60-ish dad on down to my 8-year-old little sister. Trinity's laziness is legendary, his filth is unparalleled, and these movies can't really be compared to anything other than Blazing Saddles. The humor here is a little less ribald, but still funny enough that you'll want to watch them over and over.
there is so much junk on tv now that I always go back to the westerns.good clean no gays no bad words.
Fun, if a little schmaltzy. Watch it with the kids. You've seen this dog before - in OLD YELLER.
This little set, I would way, is very nicely designed. The two most iconic Batman characters in a setting that is fun to build, and they can actually be posed in many ways that will put a smile on your face throughout the day. Although I don't really ""play"" with toys anymore, I'm really happy with this bit of fanboy paraphernalia :D
this is the concert in germany from 1980,which is great, i had been interested in the documentary about this concert by stefan paul, have not been able to find it yet.
I loved this movie for a few reasons.First, the building and settings are in old holly-weird type and give a very chilling feel to the atmosphere.Second, the movie went slow, but not too slow; so the build-up is fantastic.Last, the actress is very believable and you get the feeling she is REALLY scared!The gore and death scenes look to be the really well done, and you'll never guess the twist. Very fun to watch, overall, I gave it 4 out of 5 because it leaves a lot of questions.
NFG's album 'Nothing Gold Can Stay"" is a classic for all emo/punk fans. And while ""Stick and Stones"" is nowhere near NFG's best, its FAR from horrible, in fact it's a really good CD filled from top to bottom with GOOD MUSIC, not necesarrily good punk. Tracks 1, 8, and 10 give a quick reminder of what NFG is capable of and what they used to be. The rest of the CD is filled with energetic music that is fun to sing and listen to (track 4 and 6 especially).So if you're in the mood for emo/punk ""Nothing Gold Can Stay"" is a must in the CD player, but if you want a variety of fun and energetic music, a bit slower than classic emo, then listening to, ""Sticks and Stones"" isn't a bad choice
This sequel to ""I, Claudius"" goes into depth about the actual reign of Claudius, as opposed to the reigns of his familial predecessors and his eventual ""rise"" to power. If you did not enjoy the first book, don't bother with this one. It is only interesting to those who want to learn more about Claudius. For those who do, you will not be disappointed.
This is a very nice film about man who has a positive life changing experience via a potential disaster. The performances are very good by most of the cast, and the scenery is terrific. I personally enjoyed the fact that the film makers didn't feel the need to explain every little thing in the film, and therefore left a lot to my imagination.Barry Pepper shows that he has what it takes to be a major actor, and he really carries the show. His character is someone who isn't very likeable in the early part of the film, but who becomes a much more likeable person as he responds to events around him. I found myself pulling for both his character and that of Annebella Piugattuk.I don't want to give anything away, but I will warn you that those who like Hollywood endings, with all loose ends neatly wrapped up, will probably be disappointed. This is a very well made film that tells a very good story while leaving some loose ends for you to ponder.
A fairly traditional cop show, lit up by the brilliance of Kyra Sedgwick. The supporting cast is good, sometimes great, but anyone who loves this show has in point of fact fallen for Kyra. Or is it Brenda Johnson, the well drawn, superbly realized character, she brings to life with such nuanced verve? It's not a groundbreaking show, and stays a little too safely middle of the road in this HBO era of TV, but there's nothing to dislike here. It might not be great, but it's really very good. And what's wrong with that?
I read this book years ago and have never forgotten the character beany Malone. Was unable to find any of Lenora Weber books in our public library. Would like for my grand children to have access to these books.
Works like a charm but be sure you're ordering the right one for your A4. I have a 2004 1.8T and I finally figured it out after ordering the wrong set (aero twin) initially.
I think this was a very good book. And even though she skips to a new subject every few pages, I think that is because she just wanted to give some background about a few things. I also like the suggested reading list.
The Garden of Ediacara is the only book I know of which is devoted to these early mutlicellular organisms. The book is fairly well written and deals with a number of questions about these early organsisms. Among these questions are; the feeding habits of the organisms, their early development, their relationship (or lack of it) to modern animals, their development and mode of reproduction, their extinction, and the possibility that they evolved a simple central nervous system. Several of the chapters in this book could be better written and also contribute little towards the understanding of these organisms. This seriously detracts from the book. The end of the book deals with the question of whether or not evolution is random and makes for interesting reading. It contradicts S. J. Gould's contention that evolutionary sucess is heavily dependent on random factors. As this is the only book about the Ediacara and it's mostly well written, I would recommend it.
It was a very good picture, it wasn't the Gene Krupa story that I was expecting but it was still very good. Very impressed that there was no bad language in it.Also purchased these movies due to my mothers maiden name was Krupa.
The more you listen, the more you appreciate the music of Roy Orbison. Most of the songs are quite emotional but lively. Background instrumental music is also amazing. Video is not quite perfect, but what matters most to me is the audio.Highly recommended. To see is to believe, find out for yourself.
I like this earpiece,it works good,is compact. Holds charge for a long time. This is what I dislike, The fold up boom is hard to use while wearing,and I wish it had an earpiece that fits into ear to make it fit better.
No matter who put out this album...it's a winner. Put aside any preconceived notions of who you think Lisa Marie is. The lyrics are striking and her voice is deep, husky at times, strong at times and a bit week at other times. Musically, the sound is rockin' with a country-ish flair. I think a few songs could be a little more power rock. Lisa is new as a singer, her voice is wonderfully unique and once she finds the true range of the power in it, she will have one of the best voices in rock/pop.
This feels awesome. I love the heat from the microwave. I did buy this too small, so it takes a lot of work to pull up to my elbow. I like it better than my homemade beans hot pack.
At first listen, this album seemed simply good to average in my mind. Then, I found myself listening to this disc unfailingly for three straight days as the rush of spacey guitars and foggy vocals slowly burned their way into my psyche. While the album begins with the fairly straight-ahead ""Seagull,"" the rest of the tunes shimmy into a cascade of entrancing sound that completely (if not subliminally) sneak into the listener's consciousness.The dream-like elements are all in place: dense, rapturous, guitars, strategically placed and often delicate drums, tight rhythmic pulses, and distant, angelic vocals. Hypnotic in every sense, tracks such as ""In a Different Place,"" and ""Vapour Trail"" wash over you like a cool blue wave. Do yourself a favor and take this ride.
A fantastic next level to Gandalf's Beat Machine, you can definitely see Eligh's musical progression and expansion. Good for relaxing late night or bumping on the street. A must for any beat junkie
Very nice to work with. Plastic is fairly tough and resistant to puncture. Good to be able to see chips and dust flow and monitor clear paths.
Not everybody ""gets"" Amos Garrett. His solos can sound casual and offhand -- that is, until you try to play them. And that's why he's a ""guitar player's guitar player."" He doesn't dazzle. He's subtle. Even odder, for a rock musician, he's pretty unimpressed with himself. Consequently, he's never out to show the world what a barnburner he is. He just likes to play what he likes to play, and to sing in his foggy Hoagy Carmichael voice. I really like this recording precisely because Garrett does not make a big deal out of his amazing dexterity on the guitar. This is NOT Mr. Ultimate Speedfingers rockin' the joint. It is --dare I say this -- pleasant to listen to. Seldom has so much guitar technique been used to reach such modest ends.
Well organized and easy to follow.The book is thin and can easily fit in a back pocket.It would have been better if the Turkish was presented twice.
Exactly as the title states.C.H. Spurgeon (The Prince of Preachers) can also be called the Prince of Spiritual authors as far as I am concerned.His writings are always substantial and meaningful to me.Recommended highly.
We really enjoy reading these book and it is full of awesome information as with all of the ""Read and Find-Out Science"" books. My only wish is that included reinforcements on HOW to help keep the germs AWAY...wash hands...cover coughs and sneezes...etc. Still a VERY good book and will open discussion on how to help keep the germs away...sometimes it is just good to hear it from someone other than your mother:) Recommended.
This side project of Robert Smith and Steve Severin was good. This album is so classic sounding in an 80's way. I'm quite sure it was partially drug induced(considering the state Robert was in around the time of these recordings. Very dreamy and strange songs...lots of female vocals but they arent bad...they just flow well with the melodicness that this album carries...not as good as The Cure of course but a good listen for fans of strange avant-garde 80's pop-rock with some keyboards. A trip to listen to.
With a yard full of limbs that need to be cut in order to be picked up in the weekly collection I needed some kind of tool. Using a handsaw took too long and I was afraid of using a chain saw even a small one.I give this 4 stars because it met the criteria that I had in mind. First, it wasn't too expensive. Second, I could handle it easily even though I am not very strong. Finally, it cut 4"" branches smoothly with no jerking or hesitation.There's lots of trimming that needs to be done and now I can do it.
Pricey for some stamped sheet metal. But recommend replacing ancillary brake hardware as a good practice that is often neglected.
While some people don't like to admit that they watch a lot of TV, I'll gladly admit that I watch it, and enjoy it. Therefore, this magazine provides more in-depth information about many of the shows I watch. They let me know what shows are doing well, and what shows are on the chopping block. Also, I like the in-depth articles they do about a particular show each week.The one disappointment I have is that I thought I would be able to receive this electronically on my tablet that has a Kindle app. Apparently, one has to have an actual Kindle in order to have this feature, so I do wish Amazon would expand the electronic version to all tablets with Kindle apps. I docked it one star because of this.
It's the best vacuum I've ever used. Not so great for small area rugs, but I love it. Even more-so than the very expensive Meila I used to have. Emptying the garbage out of the bagless cup can be a little messy, but the cleaning ability is fabulous!
It has a misprints in it and one page actually displayed twice in different section of the book. All in all it has nice pictures.
It rings - I answer it - and I can hear the person on the other end. Heck of a deal.
I bought this CD because I love the Guarnieri Symphonies performed and recorded by the same team. I'd never heard of Mignone before.Imagine if Respighi had lived in Brazil. (Respighi did, in fact, write a Brazilian piece after touring there). The Italian-born Mignone wrote in a similar vein. He was a deft orchestrator, the music is bright and enjoyable, not rhythmically or harmonically complex but orchestrally very sophisticated. The notes claim an African influence in the music, but this is true only in a Hollywood sense; it's far from the essence of Africa heard in the music of Kevin Volans, for example. Still, Hollywood has its place, and this record is good fun. If you enjoy the Criolla Cantata by Antonio Estevez (recorded by Mata on the Dorian label) you'll adore Mignone's choral ballet Maracatu de Chico Rei.This CD is well played and brilliantly recorded, as you'd expect from a BIS production. It's a guilty pleasure!
I really enjoyed the movie when I first saw it and knew nothing of Elizabeth or Tudor history. Now that I'm a Tudor history student I'm very disappointed in the film and am only really able to enjoy it because I previously loved it. I know Michael Hirst knows his Tudor history and I'm sad that this film seems to follow the first season of The Tudors on Showtime. Total disregard for historical events and persons. After The Tudors season one was slaughtered with reviews by people who love Tudor history, season two became way more watchable and I'm hoping that Michael Hirst will rewrite Elizabeth I as the next Showtime series. He can do Elizabeth way more honor than this movie and the The Golden Age.Overall, good movie if you don't know the history. If you do I'd skip this one because you'll pull your hair out.
i thought it be larger it's very small i hope it can heat my bed area in winter. thank you michael m.
Those who watched the TNG sixth season episode ""Relics"" with special guest star Scotty, will remember the Dyson Sphere which Scotty's ship crashed on. The crew of the Enterprise-E revisits the sphere to do an official research study on it. Along with them is a small ship of Horta (from the Original series episode, ""The Devil in the Dark""). Once inside the sphere, they discover an infinite surprises, which only a small fraction do they get the chance to explore.
It's the perfect length to chain four bicycles together; however, it's a nuisance when not in use. It does not coil so you can't loop it into a circle and carry it on your handlebar or arm. Even coiling it around the stem of your seat and putting a lock on it to secure in place isn't easy because it's too thick. Otherwise, it's strong and ships quickly.
This machine does a good job of quickly cleaning a carpet, but it is heavy to carry upstairs, and difficult to unclog if the unit picks up any dog hairs or fuzzy bits. When it clogs, it is nearly impossible to get the water sucked back up into the machine, so be sure to clear it out (we used a stiff thin wire to get inside the uptake housing...it would really be nice if the housing were detachable).(The reviewer was compensated for posting this review. However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)Hoover F5914-900 SteamVac with Clean Surge
There is no comparison between this one and the Swedish one. This version is much better. Chloe does a brilliant job here.
I really liked this movie for it's vintage character actors and the slapstick humor. I used to watch it with my sons back in the day and the premise of the movie and the way they go about solving the situation is unrealistic - BUT FUN, like most movies. I recommend it if you like older movies.
this is my first experience with the Get Up Kids. I must say, i'm very impressed. haven't heard any of their older stuff... yet, but from what i've heard... i like. I heard they were EMO, but this album isn't really very EMO, with the exception of maybe ""valentine"", and ""Out of Touch"". I do have a few complaints though.... some of the songs are a little too mainstream california 90s punk for me. Any song that begins with the words ""ten minutes to downtown"" is treading on thin ice with me-Way too corney. However, The Get Up Kids more then makeup for this with a solid 75% of an album. A cross between Weezer, and Sunny Day Real Estate. Bottom line-a great purchase for me, and probably you too.
This book is very informative and has a lot of great remedies that are easy to make. The list of where to buy herbs is extremely helpful, plus it gives ideas about where else to look. It is a good book for newcomers to herbal remedies in that it gives an overview of what types of herbs are helpful in preventative and curative measures. Overall, a great resource to have at home.
A great look into what we as believers should put our hope in and how we should approach each experience in our lives. Addresses issues frequently arising in a woman's life.
Excellent product. Had one before. I paid way too much for it. My fault. I didn't check other coffemakers listed from same manufacturer.
I bought this pool to entertain a six and eight year old. It really did the trick. It was fairly easy to set up. I wish I had put level sand under it though. The ring needs aIring up about every other day, but it is easy to do. I understand all the water will spill out if it deflates. But it was perfect for the age grandchildren I have. It comes about to the thighs of the six year old and knees of the eight year old. They aren't afraid of the water, so they could swim with minimum supervision but not alone. It is 12' across, so it was great for adult floating as well. I love this pool and highly recommend it for this age child. I bought a cheap pool cover, but it was impossible for one person to put it on. I then bought the one made by Intex. It worked great!Sorry, but I thought at first I was reviewing the pool instead of the cover. I just hated to waste the info.
Even though this toaster does not toast evenly - I like how fast it does get the job done, the quality of toaster, and the features for the price. I do wish I had noticed before ordering that this model does not have the keep warm feature. I toast gluten free frozen bread & waffles, tricky items to toast - the defrost/toast feature is fast and results in good consistency gluten-free toast & waffles. I toast the same gluten-free products in my daughter's bargain brand toaster - this toaster produces a much more enjoyable gluten-free eating experience. Well worth some unevenness. I also wish it had a nice audible alert when the toast is done, I'm not accustomed to my toast being ready so quickly.
Once again LaVyrle Spencer brings us an emotionally charged book. A rollercoaster ride of true human emotion ranging from hell to heaven.Lee Reston widow, mother and business woman is once again confronted with personal tragedy when she learns her oldest son, Greg, has been killed while riding his motorcycle. Chris Lallek, Greg's best friend and roommate accepts the difficult responsibility of informing Lee of her loss. Together they grieve and give each other strength to get through this tragedy.Coming from a dysfunctional family, Chris has never known what it's like to be part of a ""normal"" family. Lee and her family include Chris in family and holiday get-togethers. They form a warm friendship which soon turns to feelings of love. They have many obstacles to overcome but in the end they find their happiness in being together as a real family.I thoroughly enjoyed this book and hope you will too.Cindy Jacob
Nice, 4 outlets, very compact for small areas and modest usage. I bought it for my wife's computerized Bernina sewing machine and the laptop she attaches to it. Just right and great price.
John Sanford is my all-time favorite writer. However, the editing has gone awry in this book. Hurried to meet deadlines? It appears 2 scenes were written in which Lucas Davenport takes Rinkers' phone call. Both are included in the book causing confusion and giving me difficulty in finishing it.
While it is not unique it is solid well done SciFi which seems to be an endangered genre these days. It did not lean on the Alien series too much as to destroy it's own value but it did provide a tie-in.
Spinner and Haft have managed to survive so far against steep odds and in the process are forced to take on much more responsibility than either of them ever wanted, especiallly Haft. It leaves the reader with some unanswered questions and has a tendancy to allow the women characters to take on an 'only better', female stand point (i.e. women are as good as men only they can be better whenever they put their minds to it). While generally this type of thinking can't start croppingup until the great equalizer (gunpowder and guns) rears its ugly head in widespread use, this is a magical realm so anything is possible.On the whole this is a good book with alot of combat and action for those of us who like battle sequences. I recommed this book. This book isn't perfect, but I am eagerly awating the next book in the series. Even though the men are hen pecked more than men of thier social era should allow.
Having been lucky enough to see the original on Broadway I was looking forward to the transition to the silver screen. Unfortunately most of the magic of the musical was left in New York and never made it to Hollywood. The songs are, of course, very good, though they did drop one of my favorites, ""NYC"", from the score and added the, in my opinion, inferior ""Let's Go To The Movies"". Aileen Quinn does a very credible job in the title role. Albert Finney, as Daddy Warbucks, and Carol Burnett, as Miss Hannigan, also do a good job. Ann Reinking, as Daddy Warbucks' secretary, proves to be one of the best dancers around. Many of the things that are done in the movie, such as the rescue of Annie on the railroad bridge, could not have done on the stage. For all its shortcomings, ""Annie"" is still well worth the watch.
Hello. I love ""Bend it Like Beckham!"" I watch this movie every other day. I heard that there are different versions of the soundtract. Can anyone PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE help me find the CD version that has the song that was played the night they went to the club in Germany. Not the songs in the actual club but the Indian song that played when Jes came outside in the nice outfit (after her makeover) right before they went to the club. I really, really like this song and would like to get it. If it's not on any of the versions, can someone tell me the name so that I can get it. Thanks! :D
I thought this cd was great. The reason I didnt give it 5 stars is because it kind of gets boring. vocals also drain all the other instuments out. Overall though it was a great cd to listen to. To listen to some other good bands look her: Cannibal Corpse, suffocation, nile, obituary, death, and of course cryptopsy. If I were to pick one of each band I would pick tomb of the mutilated pierced from within, in their darkened shrines world demise human and none so vile.from a 14 yr old death metal fan!!
This is one of my favorite Brenda Joyce books. This story just flowed so easily and had you falling in love with both characters after awhile. They aren't my favorite couple but I still love Cliff and Amanda. They just had great chemistry and were perfect for each other from the start. You really feel like you see her transforming throughout the book from La Sauvage to a lady. I couldn't wait to get back to reading this story and would suggest if you are going to start randomly in the series to start with this one though it's alway better to read from the beginning to see your favorite characters over again and see how they are living. I even liked Elle in this book much better than in her own story.
Since the Wordweaving review of this book furnishes a good plot summary, I'll just add that the book is indeed pretty enjoyable; Lydia and Sam do jump the gun and wind up sleeping together once, but the episode is fairly low-key. A particularly fun read for those who can sympathize with Sam's domestic woes.
Once again JH has put out another stellar cd. If only people here in the states would listen to this music,they would realize just how good groups like JH,Gotthard,and House of Lords are.Anything that these guys put out is worth whatever you pay for it (within reason,of course). Be sure to check out ""The Journey will never end"" as well as ""Trust"" by these guys. You'll be glad that you did.
I recently have been so happy with the many live performances I have downloaded conducted by Hans Vonk from concert. He was such a gifted conductor, with very persuasive insight and zero pretension. A Shostakovich 10, for instance which I downloaded with the Minnesota orchestra is just exquisite for its perfect combination of Soviet razzmatazz and searing profundity. The performance put me in mind of this great Schubert Third which I completely love and used to play incessantly. It has a similar blustery vibe mixed with charming Gemuetlich edges. Just a gorgeous take on Schubert. The only thing is that the 9th symphony here is kinda dull. But there are a lot of great performances of that work. A great third is more important, and this is it!
Finally! Hollywood gives us a R-Rated comedy with two leading men people actually enjoy to see! Sure it has it's flaws, but I laughed so hard I cried. Cried. With funny. Vaughn and Wilson are perfect together, as is the MYSTERY GUEST at the end of the movie. You'll be quoting this one after the theater.
This is a great machine. We definitely like it.However...Our first one died after 3 months. But, we contacted Braun and they replaced it free of charge. It took over a month to exchange, though, as they had to ship us a shipping box, and then we sent it back, and then they had to inspect it, and then they gave us a new one.... But, it was at no cost to us, which was very appreciated.I'm also not as crazy about the latte's and cappucino's as when we first got the machine. The novelty has worn off, and I now taste the fakeness a little bit more than in the beginning. But, they're still pretty good. The regular coffee is great, though, and super convenient.The machine can be a little finicky, sometimes, though. The programming needs to be revamped for the next generation model. It doesn't always work correctly and you sometimes have to turn it off and then back on to reset it, and then it works. A minor annoyance.But, the coffee is great! :)
For any guitar player, this is about as close to having a teacher in the room with you without actually having one. The video shows you how to play several songs from start to finish, explains how to play the chords in the songs and optional fingering for some of the chords.
Get this album, I most recently was going over my cd collection and just rediscover this lost classic. Cool tracks to listen are ""1000 times and Radio prayer line"". This is a cd that will grow onto you. My guess is why this cd never made it big was there was no room for rock airplay on the radio at the time due to all the over expose boy bands and pop stuff. Hey what a classic album title to go with that period.
This is a very extensive volume of expert advice on how to use Windows XP and so far I have found it helpful, although a bit too technical that is not compatible with my XP.
I purchased Learn English the Fast and Run Way for Russian Speakers for a family that recently immigrated. Learning English has been a struggle for them. With this set of CDs, they have been able to listen to the CDs throughout the day as they are doing various things around the house. The husband has been building a Rec. Room for someone and he listens to the CDs as he works. He has found the Russian explanations understandable and very helpful.
I must disagree with the conclusion reached by the previous reviewer (and fellow Def Leppard fanatic -- I, too, have every official Def Leppard release imaginable). There are more than 3 interesting things about this DVD. Yes, the commentary and 2 new videos are great, but what really makes the difference to me is the newly remastered surround sound, particularly the DTS track. You have never heard Def Leppard like this before! Perhaps the previous reviewer is without the benefit of a surround sound system, but it really makes all the difference. But like the other reviewer, I deduct one star for some missing videos, including ""Long Long Way To Go"" and ""Stand Up (Kick Love Into Motion)"". But overall, this is well worth having, even if you already own Historia and Visualize.
I first read this book when I was in Seventh Grade. I am 32 now and I still think of it fondly and keep it in my collection. The theme is an all too familiar, girl can't decide between the --bad boy-- or the --good boy--. However, the way this author writes made it my very favorite book with that theme. Every time I happen to see it it takes me back to my teen years. (Too bad you can't find a --good boy-- like that outside of a book-ha!)
This came recommended to me, and I bought it without first reading any of Serena Valentino's other work. I have to say, I was pretty impressed. Spooky little stories, great illustrations, overall a great read! Everyone else I've passed it onto has liked it as well.
I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THE DVD I BOUGHT.I AM ALSO VERY HAPPY WITH AMAZON FOR HAVING THE DVD IN STOCK.
I came across this listing while searching for a ""Hollywood's Mysteries and Scandals"" (a long-cancelled show""). This vhs set is dated in the early 1990's, so don't expect any updated information. This is a quick run-through of some of Hollywood's tragic and weird tales of the ""stars"", some well-known and some not so. The narrative is clear and concise with no unnessary dramatazations. Some of the clips and photos would not be shown on any current documentaries, so this makes this a very rare find. For a used VHS set, the cost was reasonable.
Very detailed comments on each ride. The authors have included relevant information on surrounding communities (ie laundry facilities, camping, dining, etc). Great maps!The only thing wrong with this book is a somewhat confused idea of what is East or West of the Cascades. I looked under the ""East"" section and was astonished at how few rides there were. It took me a while to realize that most of the good ""East"" rides are actually in the ""West"" sections. Somewhat distracting.Highly recommended!
I like the Stamina Stepper, it gets my heart rate going right away. I like how it's compact and sturdy. The only minor downside about this machine is it makes some noise.
an excellent cd, although certain tracks aren't really musical and reminiscent of ""wet my bed"" from stone temple pilots. However, there are an abundance of really good, fresh songs. when this cd got locked in my broken cd changer i went through cody chesnutt withdrawal is all i'm trying to say here, the best cd of 2003
I met Jane Kirkpatrick and have tremendously enjoyed all her books....this was no exception. But you know how when something just doesn't fit, it sort of takes away from it? Well, when she describes the birth and the mom asks Ivy to help and Ivy freezes and the baby dies it was just not real. No mother who is conscious during and after the birth would wait for and rely on anyone to clear the baby's airway. No way...not real.
My 18 month son loves this toy! He has no problems getting on and off or staying on the zebra. The zebra is also very easy to spin. I only gave it four stars because it took him several weeks to learn how to make it bounce, but even before he could make it bounce, he still loved being on it. I was surprised to see so many negative reviews for this toy. I think it is a very original toy that does exactly what it claims. Maybe some parents are buying it for children that are too young, and a child that is not within the recommended age group may not be able to enjoy the toy because of their height.
The drill is ok. Not as tough as I had hoped since a drop to the floor from waist level broke a piece of plastic on it. Good buy for the money but wish it was built like a hitachi.
Since this film is from the year 1981, naturally, the first thing one would notice would be the special effects. They are humorous at best. But if you can look past the special effects, you would realize this film is actually quite decent. For it's time it's got good acting and writing. I definately recommend this one to anybody interested in Greek mythology. I actually was interested in it because of God of War II, in which there is a battle against the main character of this movie. The only real complaint i have is, i guess with the title. Clash of the Titans. It is referring to Medusa and the Kraken. Both of which are in fact NOT TITANS. So the title makes no sense at all. They refer to the two of them as titans, when they are not. But other than that one relatively minor statement, it's a good film. It's worth a download, a rental, or a purchase. However you want to [legally] obtain it, it's not a bad film at all.
i found the movie to be witty, fun and full of great humor....the family loved it. we hope there is another ice age movie coming
I really enjoy my iPod. I got it about two months ago and already it is about 1/3 filled. The design is great and it allows me to listen to all my show tunes anywhere. However, there are a few details that can be annoying. First of all, the apple website states that with a fully charged battery (three hours of charging) one can play music for 8 hours straight. That is incorrect. After I charged my iPod overnight (eight hours) it allowed me about 3 hours of playing time, less that half of what was advertised. Another annoyance is that it gets scratched really easily. The coverplate on my already has some permanent scratches. Also, if you aren't planning on carrying more than 1000 songs, just get the iPod mini for $50 less. It's a great product.
It is hard to remember that action TV show can be 30 minutes. The sitcom seems to dominated the form today, but the Rat Patrol reminds me that you can have a complete action-oriented story delivered in a nice bit size chunk. I remember this show from my childhood and picked it up on a lark. I am not disappointed. The producers failed to include any extra (nothing, not even promo clips are included--clear indication who ever green lighted the DVD release was hoping to trigger impulse buying), but they clean up the episodes and it look beautiful. If you like action shows, The Rat Patrol is worth buying.
When used in conjunction with Roald Dahl's written works, Tales of the Unexpected is a worthy collection of macabre videos performed by a surprising cast of notable actors; however, without pre-knowledge of the plots and their details, the stories may be looked upon as dated, ""cheesy"" attempts to imitate more popular series like Alfred Hitchcock Presents and The Twilight Zone.
I had seen Michael Bolton on a Palladia segment recently and realized that I needed to see more of him. I ordered this for myself but allowed my fiance to give it to me for my birthday. I had a hard time waiting two weeks to watch it. I spent the first part of my day blasting it throught the surround sound speakers and Im sure the whole neighborhood heard him as well. A great way to spend almost three hours.
Maysa Matarozzo was one of the most famous female vocalists in Brazil during the 1950s; during the bossa nova era she became the conduit for pianist Roberto Menescal's explorations of the new style, and was an important early interpreter of Antonio Carlos Jobim's work. Personally, I've never been a fan of Maysa's vocals -- she strikes me as too overwrought and slushy, and generally I don't care for her arrangements. That being said, this 2-CD set is one of the best Maysa retrospectives of her work that I've heard. It's well-programmed and engaging, covering a wide swath of her career, from 1960 to her death in the 1970s, giving a pretty complete picture of her style and inclinations. If you want to check Maysa out, this is where I'd recommend you start.
Surreal and visually stunning, the Utena movie is a treat for fans of the series or anime fans in general.It should be noted that the film is not a continuation of the series' events. It is actually a quite satisfying retelling of Utena's story, with many inside jokes for series fans to enjoy along the way.I wouldn't suggest this to younger anime fans, since the film's themes are rather mature. But if you're of age, this film would be a fine addition to any anime collection.
Great collection of Christmas novelty songs. The one of the dogs singing Jingle Bells is just annoying. However I personally enjoyed the rest of the album. They are all delightful and for the most part lesser known Christmas songs.
I just could not be bothered to sit through the play. Oh, I know it got rave reviews, but ugh! At least the book made a bit more sense. Even though this is not my genre for reading enjoyment, I found this book bearable, and interesting enough to continue turning the pages.
This product is essential for all serious photographers.My monitor showed better colors and contrast and its easy to use.Pros: easy to use and setup. Upgradeable to Spyder2ProCons: limited white balance and gamma choices in Spyder2 Express
This ladder is very well built and is useful in many applications around the house. Only down side is that it is very heavy. Keep a short lighter one around for small jobs.
This is a well made dresser and is a nice size for a small bedroom. Like the other items in this line the color is not white, it is really more of a cream color. The antiquing looks good for RTA furniture though and the drawer knobs and feet add a nice touch. I recommend this item but if you are looking for a whole set, just pay close attention to the dimensions of the other pieces. The bookcases are nice, the desk with hutch is huge as well as the larger armoire. The smaller one with just doors is ok but is quite a bit bigger than this dresser. I think a lot of places show the 5 drawer dresser under the youth sections, where as the other pieces are not.
fun, silly, watchable film. You know an actor has talent whena character they portray has few redeemable traits, but yet, you still root for them.Katya is a social climber and will do most anything to get to an invitation only ball.The best part of this film for me was JLH character's narration. She has to keep track of all herexpenses for her tax man. While doing so she pretty much ends up witha daily diary of her life. Naughty, silly, charming fun. I rented it and plan to buy it for a pick meup sometime when I am blue.
I have watch the musical and the movie, though there are differences, both are great productions! Be it the stage production or the screen version, both are fun. And absolutely a delight to watch. It doesn't have to be historically correct. Just sit back, relaxed and enjoy the movie!
These particular recordings will not likely make anyone's list of 'greatest ever' for the pieces in question, and it is a little annoying that some recordings are duplicated on two different discs in the set. That being said, it's a 10-disc set for not a lot of cash that provides a wide range of classical pieces by a wide variety of composers. If you're looking to try out some new/lesser-known composers but also score some of the greats in the same collection, this box set is worth it. Keep in mind it is all 'relaxing' classical music of 'meditation' - no drama to be found here - but it's great stuff to have on for taking an afternoon siesta, or reading, or even background when friends come to dinner. And if you just want a good collection of classical music to chill out to, it's definately worth the pennies.
Terrific series for understanding Irish history. Enjoyable reading start to finish. Leaves you wanting more, and, fortunately, there is more.
I have a 1 year old boy. He loves this toy. He dances when it sings and touched the pizza's mouth when it talks. My child does not like riding in the car, but if we bring this toy it calms him down and he does fine. But, IT SUCKS DOWN BATTERIES LIKE NOBODIES BUSINESS. It has a battery compartment in both feet. If it stops sing part of the way through, It needs the batteries replaced.
I read Kupelian's book and I limit my comments here to the chapter on the gay rights movement. It's a compeling argument: He strings together a a series of documented events that show how we have been manipulated by desensitization, jamming and conversion tricks to the point where homosexuality is accepted as a mainstream force.It's interesting that in all of the comments here and elsewhere by those who oppose him, where are the point-by-point rebuttals? All I read is a bunch of shrill name calling and dismissive one-liners. Is he wrong? Prove it! Are his facts inaccurate? Prove it! (deafening silence..) Hmmm...seems to me Kupelian may be on to something here and those who bash him or his book are left exposed as guilty of the very things he asserts.
These earrings are very pretty, and they arrived quickly from the seller. I plan to wear them at my wedding!
this leaf skimmer works as described. Light weight and easy to use.What I really like is the delivery speed, got it immediately!!!A deeper net would be even better, but really no complaints.
A landmark work by the Magic Band. The music sounds like a desert with Beefheart's poetry the ghostly wind flying above. Listen to this if you have had enough of people telling you what improvisation is, or should be. I consider Trout Mask Replica as one of CB&TMB's three best works: _Trout Mask Replica_, _Safe As Milk_, and _Mirror Man_ (get the new Mirror Man Sessions if you can, as it is very successfully remastered and includes the excellent ""Beetle Bones & Smokin' Stones."") The track ""Ella Guru"" is among my favorite Beefheart compositions, along with ""Moody Liz"" and ""Autumn's Child.""Get this album.
It works as it should. nothing unexpected and nothing unexpected. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
I recommend this package to all fans of vintage TV. This is, in my opinion one of the better mystery-adventure series of the time.Intelligent format with the checkmate characters, and well done stories and dialogue, scenes from the time around San Francisco. Of course, I enjoy the format of the 4 act play.However don't expect HD quality we've become accustomed to. The film has been cleaned up but there will be some unavoidable imperfections. There are some cuts that cause a few gaps. But all in all, I highly recommend this family friendly mystery series.
OMG!This is one of the worst films ever made in the history of film,With that said this takes me back to the title of my review.I mean really who thought it was a good idea to make this movie,It's not even good corny horror.I paused this movie 5 times just to get food & dricks to keep me into it,I felt like i was being tortured rolling my eyes threw the entire movie like when is this going to be over.The only good thing about this movie was that DANIELLE HARRIS was in it i've loved her acting ever since i saw her in Halloween 4.My advice to anyone thinking of renting or buying this movie is !!DON'T!! please don't but if you must see it borrow it from a friend therefore you will not feel like you've wasted your money and an hour and twenty minutes of your life like i did. (I can't believe this movie was in theaters)
I bought this unit about 4 years ago and luckily I bought the 5 year warranty. It is junk(how do you underline junk?). Anyway, It has failed on me 3 times now. First the death pop, and then blue lines on the screen twice. Lets face it, we all bought a lemon. Stick with Panasonic next time or Sony. Thought I could trust a South Korean made product but I will never again.
This memory card is not very good. It did not work for me, two times. I bought the first one, it did not work, neither did the second one. I say spend the extra money for the better VMU.
Just let it end with the fifth book. Your not missing anything at all. This was the worst ending book to a series that I have ever read. Remember what they did to Firefly....multiple by 100. What a waste. Salvatore should be ashamed. I will buy ever book written by the first five authors but I will never by one from the last.Someone should get the rights to rewrite this the way it should have been. Not to mention there was enough material and following for at least two more books.
Beware. This ""book"" is more like an attempt at an informational news column. The format is not dissimilar to that of an ambitious student's term paper (do not be fooled into thinking you are getting a professionally printed spiral bound book) and the content is vague and often incorrect (not to mention the atrocious grammar and spelling...get an editor or proofreader, please). If you want to start a mushroom farm, start by devouring ""Growing Gourmet and Medicinal Mushrooms,"" then back it up with some serious small business reading (I suggest searching ""starting your own business""). A business is a business, and aside from some subtle differences they are all the same, and need a solid plan and honest accounting to work; learn how to run a business before you start constructing your farm. Good luck!
I thought that this product was going to be perfect. It looked adorable in the picture. I purchased it and when I opened the box I was covered in little white paint chips. Basically the paint was chipping from the entire basket. I had to return it to the store and then spent a week cleaning up the paint chips that I keep finding around the nursery.
Thank you ""Animal treatment on the set"" - My family is an animal lover and this movie WILL NOT be in our collection of ""Family Films."" I wish Disney and these powerful actors would use their power to teach people to have compassion for animals. APPARENTLY the ""film production company"" DID NOT do their best to look out for the welfare of the animals. Puppies did die. The trainers and breeders need to be more reponsible and caring. And anyone else involved in the making of this film is responsible for the puppies. People should not just to turn the other way when animals are not being cared for properly. The puppies deaths are heartbreaking.
A bad book by an untalented author. GARP/s efforts to become an established writer and his eagerness to be accepted as a good author represents, in my opinion, the author/s own insecurity about his poor penmanship.
This is NOT the ORIGINAL CRAWLSPACE from L.A. Releases by the original Crawlspace are available on Majora Records, The Lotus Sound, and Sympathy for the Record Industry.
Another ""flop"". This one disappointed me as much as Desparation. The Bachman books were terrific (I've read them at least 20 times), I could hardly finish The Regulators. Looks like Richard and Steven need to get together and try to write one really good novel. I should have waited for the paperback edition instead of wasting $35.
The picture is dark, and so dark that sometimes you can't even see the movie !!This is incredible, actors are speaking like if they were reading their text. No emotion, no feeling !What a deception !!
i don't recall this being mentioned, but it was used and is no longer listed on the Amazon site, so i don't know if it was my oversight (i've bought hundreds of dvd's online, so i probably didn't overlook a detail like that). be careful, guys!
I got the controller and it doesn't work. I plugged it i and it doesn't turn the xbox on and it doesn't say its on.
this game looks fun. BUT beleive me its not. this game is awfully executed. the storyline is just HORRIBLE. when you first start playing the game. the graphics look ok. but when you start running. the camera goes completely out of control. the graphical framerate litteraly jumps when you run. im not kidding. the controls are terrible. they work against you the entire game. the most simple of maneuvers. requires great and i mean great skill in spyro enter the dragonfly. but that is the only reason. this game isnt cakewalk the entire time. because of the unbalanced control and camera scheme. the rest of the game is entirely easy. you should have no trouble reaching the last boss on this game in about 3 hours. i know this is more of a complaint board than a reveiw. but seriously people. rent this game before you buy it. even if you loved the other spyros to death.
I cannot believe this is the work of Mr. Sheldon. Most of his earlier books were filled with suspense and many twists and turns of the plot. This was way below par and very predictable; I was very disappointed. I see Mr. Sheldon is scheduled to be on A&E's Biography tonight (1/18/00) - I wonder if he will apologize to his longtime readers for this trashy work? As another reviewer suggests perhaps he has just run out of ideas. It's very sad to see that he has come to this.
I saw this movie in the theatre with some friends when it first came out. We barely made it through this train wreck without walking out. I immediately considered it to be among the worst movies I'd ever seen. How gratifying to see that many professional critics had the same sentiments. Long, boring, pretentious, PC, etc., etc. A torturous waste of time.
Very little or no original material based on any proven or tested methods. Bluntly put, this slim book is an over-priced rip-off. The title probably more truly indicates how long the authors took writing it. Harary and Weintraub were just turning the crank on this one. Anyone looking for a reliable step-by-step guide to lucid dreaming will be much better served by Laberge and Rheingold's EXPLORING THE WORLD OF LUCID DREAMING, less expensive and much more extensive (335 vs. 128 pages), it presents both new and traditional methods of lucid dream induction, an original and scientific theory of dreaming, as well as a sweeping review of the possible applications of lucid dreaming richly illustrated with anecdotes from scores of creative dreamers. How to have lucid dreams, and what to do with them. The real thing.
After a few months, I got 'No Op' message and couldn't even manually turn on/off my outdoor lights. This is my 2nd timer. Both died for the same reason and both didn't even last a year. The company Intermatic is continuously selling this product for years now and is still a piece of JUNK!!! Don't waste your money on this product. I wouldn't waste money for ANY of their products since they don't seem to care to fix it or stop selling such crap.
I had to babysit a 7 year old girl who put this cd on and i was really frightened by the noises coming out of the stereo. c'mon people what is this world coming to?? please don't tell me that the noises i heard was actually called music. i truly believe that the critters from the quizno's subs commercial have so much more talent. this cd is just really really scary.
This book competes with ""Hotel New Hampshire"" for worst Irving book. He repeats, blatently, words and word themes through the book seemingly just to add girth to the tome and get it off to the publisher. Seems as if he had a great idea for a book, but really wasn't in the mood to write a book.
This is not the same book as the one with the red cover.No photos of Master Yip doing the form.
Bought 3 of these, unfortunately, the first mistake I made was to order mini instead of Micro that we needed, BUT, that said, we do have a few items that take a mini, and they didn't work on those either.I ordered 3, one for sure is DOA - it dawned on me I haven't tested the other 2 for sure yet.SOL since it's too late to return them - but what a waste.
I usually don't do reviews but I felt the need to do this when I got the invite from amazon.... I must say that I am disappointed with this album...Gregg's work with Santana was great as was his work on his solo ""roots' from 2001 and Abraxas Pool but ""gringo"" to me didn't do it!!.. It was very ""80's"" sounding with no real ""solid"" beats.. it all sounded ""mushy"".. I was expecting ""latin rock"" but this doesn't have it!!
I was so disappointed in this book, that I really wondered if Ms. Michaels actually wrote it. First of all, the heroine, Dani, is a chain smoker. That turns me off. But she is a culinary master in the kitchen. Try and figure that mix. Maria is a six year old who at times talks like she is twenty. ""I was going down our mosaic corridor on my way to the library"" just doesn't sound like a 6 year old.The evil wife is so evil, that I can't believe the super intelligent and successful Dr. Alex Mendenares didn't have her done in years ago. And of course the monk ghost shows up now and then with the whirling wind and things flying everywhere. Sorry, but this was a total turn off and I stopped reading it before I found out if Dani ever get off those darn cigarettes.
I would not recommend this CD. I found it to be really cheezy!I was expecting words by Eckhart (in his voice) The female voice emphasizes every word in a sickening new age tone. The music is electronic and irritating! To sum it up....yuk. I couldn't even get through it once.
I don't understand the high ratings for this movie. Cult my nose. It's a PORN movie, with bad acting, no dialogue. It's a masterpiece of garbage. we need minuspoints here.
This book is another in the long line of people seeking to ""prove"" their faith. The author makes assumption after assumption, none of which is based on anything resembling the science supposedly under investigation, and reaches the conclusion he wanted to reach all along. Plus, it's lame that he got his kid to file a review. LAME.
I ordered 4 of these gates. I could not believe how flimsy and poorly put together they were, nothing like the picture which looks like a nicer gate. The ad said nothing about being ""rustic"", but the directions that came with the fence says ""rustic wood"". It is rough wood and is stapled together. I find the ad to be misleading. This is not worth the money.
If your looking for good Anime with lots of action and great fight scenes, DON'T LOOK HERE. The few, exuse me, TWO fight scenes this movie has are lame. You'd find more action in a Pokemon movie.I like my Anime filled with lots of action, some blood, and good story telling. ""fun filled anime, with lots of comedy""; Don't believe the hype. I wouldn't punish my family by making them sit through this ....
I dont get why this has good reviews. They move into this huge expensive mansion, pretending to be so much in love still.....but the marriage is over!!!! The kids are in background. All this is faked just like watching a soap opera. After only watching a couple of episodes I quit watching. I won't give my ratings to money hungry people who pretend they do everything for their kids, but in fact they are using their kids to make money. Kate is real mad now cause her ratings are dropping. Everyone is seeing her for what she is!!!!! good monther my rear, she isn't even home to be there for them. Her and her fake hair, manicured nails....ughh excuse me while i go puke!!!
Don't waste your money on this. The translation is clumsy, the layout is horrible, and it isn't even the complete book. Buy Thomas Cleary's translation.
I have stuck with Jordan for year after year after year. I have collected all of the WOT series in hardback. Like many of you I have grown very bored and disillusioned by the direction the series has taken. Needless to say I was dumbfounded as to why when we are all hoping for a dot on the horizon to show us that the end is near, here comes a _prequel_???? Unbelievable. See you in 2 years.
... then change Boba Fett not dying in the first few seconds of the fight on the sand barge. What a waste of an iconic character. I was already disappointed by Hayden Christensen replacing Sebastian Shaw as the ghost of Darth Vader at the end of Return of the Jedi. This is just too much. I will be voting with my wallet. No Star Wars on Blu-Ray for me.
A horrible movie of this great Austen novel. Bad performances, awful music and cliché acting. Don't buy it.
I don't blame the seller but the disk too scratched up to be played. I started the game and it seemed fine but once you reached a certain point about 5 min's in it just crashed and you couldn't do anything. I don't think I'll be buying from them again
Miyazaki is a good director in Japan his movie was robe. Just because it's a hand drawn cartoon and not claymation that doesn't mean it doesn't have good animation. Japanese anime is great.I felt this movie was kinda thin and unoriginal, it didn't feel like the writers put a lot of effort into this and had just decided to rip off other films instead of trying to make an original, not up to standards of previous Wallace and Gromit outing such as ""The Wrong Trousers"" and ""A Close Shave"" there were some funny moment but not enough to keep me interested. The British has got a lot of work to do to compete with the Japanese.
This bug zapper is awkward to use as the battery compartment cover continuously came off and flew across the room when I would try to swing at a fly. Flies are very speedy and when they know you are after them, they get faster. I thought this would be the perfect little gizmo to wack them as they flew across the room. Wasn't I surprised when I swung the Zapper and looked down to see only the handle left in my hand? It had literally come apart in my hands! I have never purchased anything less useful in my life!
To call ""Scarlett"" the sequel to Gone With The Wind took a lot of gall! I've read Alexandra Ripley's book and watched the movie and tried to capture the GWTW essence, but as hard as I tried to like the book AND the movie (Scarlett), I can't bring myself to give it any rating at all. Let's just leave it where Rhett left Scarlett at the door saying, ""Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn."" It's kept audiences guessing for over 60 years, and the magic of GWTW never faded. ""Don't fix it when it ain't broke.""
I am so glad I borrowed this video from the library instead of spending good money to own this bore. The story dramatization lasts but 5 minutes. All the rest is annoying filler. The sing along potty song will immediately irritate you. The parental information contained in the second half of this you probably already know or already have in one of your other parenting books. A better choice would be ""The Potty Book For Girls""
Revisionist history at its worst! Very superficial treatment of the subject. Full of minor but annoying historical innaccuracies. The book is basically a rehash of three or four secondary sources. Only thing new is constant formulation of biased conclusions,the support for which are things taken out of context from other authors. The author's predisposition seems to be that all things British were good,while all things American were bad. There are excellent books that have been written on the WAFS, WASP, and the ATA, but this certainly is not one of them.
I bought this as a replacement for my $30.00 Atlas pasta roller, thinking that it would make pasta making that much more fun. Huge mistake.First off, there were quality problems. After exactly one year of use, mine broke due to low-quality steel used in one of the attachments. So I'm out $100, and I'll get over it.The bigger problem is that you have to continually change out the attachments to make pasta. First, you attach the roller, and get the dough down to the proper thickness. Then you must remove the attachment, and replace it with a cutter or crimper to form the dough into its final form. Attaching, then detaching, gets very old, very fast. I felt a certain glee when I threw these pieces of junk into the dumpster. I'll look forward to my old Atlas next time I feel the need to roll pasta dough.Worst thing Kitchenaid has ever made!
This book is atrocious and teaches children how to abuse rabbits and create even more overpopulation than we are already dealing with. Our shelters are already overcrowded with these poor animals who are euthanized by the thousands daily. Why are you wanting to breed more when there aren't enough homes for the ones already born??? This is a disgrace to society, and this book is only adding to an already highly difficult problem.If you want to learn how to REALLY care properly for rabbits, and show them the love that they deserve, try checking out the House Rabbit Society[...]and also check out the book House Rabbit Handbook. Both are very informative with information that benefits the rabbits, not just a way for humans to abuse rabbits for profit.
install these plugs in my 2005 Tundra. Ran great for 3K miles, then, engine light came on P0306..missing number 6 cylinder.. pull the plug out, bad plug.. junked all 6.. put back the OE denso plugs, no problem, runs fine.. never had any issue with Autolite until now...will I ever buy Autolite spark plugs again, remain to be seen..
I bought this thinner and left it in my nailart bottle. it came to the top and when I went to do a nail design it was horrible. It made the nail polish dull, and very watery. this product stinks!!!!!
More patholgoical Clinton hatred from a rabid right wing that just can't seem to stop itself. While there is plenty of Clinton scandal mongering to go around (and around and around and around) this book is neither an interesting nor a compelling example of it. Save your money, there's better anti Clinton tomes out there...and some of them might even be true....
I'm getting so sick of authors that write books aimed at alienating more than 50% of the population. Is there anyone writing science fiction today that does not have a preachy left-wing message?
""King Of The Blues Guitar"" is much better. However if I were starting my Albert King Collection I would first buy Rhino's ""The Ultimate Collection"" and then of equal importance I would buy Modern Blues' ""Let's Have A Natural Ball"" lastly I would buy MCA's ""Door To Door"". While there are certainly more Albert King CDs to be had, these three issues are MANDATORY!
The scale on the thermometer is easy to read, as advertised. Unfortunately, it is therefore very easy to see that the thermometer's temperature reading is off by 5 degrees (F). That is not acceptable.
Item did not work on my computer. I went with one of the cheapest ones, I would recommend spending a couple more dollars for an item that would work.
This keyboard and mouse has a great feel, and is great for casual use. However, this combo is HORRIBLE for gaming. The keyboard has a serious flaw that will ""release"" a key even while it is still pressed down. The result is in many games (and even some programs) while you are holding down a key (in a first person shooter you often hold W to run) it will suddenly stop responding. You will still be holding W down, but the keyboard won't be registering this. This makes playing 90% of games an aggravating experience. Microsoft has refused to acknowledge that this is a defect, and says that the keyboard is still usuable and they probably won't fix it in the future. Gamers beware!
When I first found him in a small store in chinatown, I was lead to believe that this little guy would be a good pet. The only warnings I got were these three things: 1) keep him out of the light 2) don't get him wet and 3) don't feed him after 10pm. Well, that man in chinatown is going to get an earful from me! A few nights ago my one pet became SEVERAL pets, and now there are these disgusting pods in my attic stinking my whole house up. I'd keep on going, but I hear something upstairs and I'd better go check it out...
Certainly, people who go into reading this book believing that women have no place in ministry will feel affirmed (and perhaps a bit smug), while those (particularly women) who feel the call of God to minister in a traditionally male setting within the church are only in for more heartache. I have to say I expected more of John Piper.For those who want to explore an evangelical approach to fully participating in ministry and life I recommend the books by Rebecca Merill Groothuis.
I have been playing off of tablature for 15 years. I can't speak for the whole book because I put it down after realizing that Behind Blue Eyes, and Dreaming From the Waist, are completely wrong for both chords and timing. I hope someone else does a better job for The Who in the future.
I can not see th dvd since ther are an limited area code to it - so it is a totalt waiste of money.And the does not replay to me either
I have had 3 330 units and now a 340 was given to me. The 330 Model was somewhat good but the Model 340 is a loser. Buy other's not Sportline.
I'd hoped I was investing in a useful book, esp. since one of the authors (Ismail) has coedited a book with Carver Mead. The material lacks conceptual clarity. It appears more like a compilation of material - a ""cut and paste"" effort by people who are strangers to analog circuits. I've met Terri Fiez at a conference - she was charming, but it was clear that she did not have a clean grasp of what she claimed was her area of expertise. Perhaps it was too much to expect Ismail to save this book ....
Do Not buy. They claim when you first try to load to play this game you can play free. You can not, you have to pay to play. It is all a gimmick on this one. Stay away from this game. It is a con.
My first review did not make it. Lets see if they post this one. If you want a Diana Ross AND The Supremes CD where 100% of the songs are of the Supremes, then this is not for you. The majority of the songs are Diana Ross solo songs after she left the Supremes. Only four songs are legitimate Supremes songs.If you don't care then buy it. I like Diana Ross but this is not a Supremes CD it is more a Diana Ross CD featuring some Supremes songs. Let the buyer beware!
My husband bought this for my kids, ages 6, 3, and 2. First it was a pain to put together. We had to go online to figure out how to put it together. Then my disappointed kids had to wait until I went to the grocery store to get cream for the mix. It should say it on the box somewhere. Then I turned the crank for what seemed like hours and only get vanilla tasting cream with bits of &amp;quot;McFlurry&amp;quot; in it. My kids were disappointed. I'm sticking to my &amp;quot;adult&amp;quot; Smoothie maker to make the kids treats.
The Rocket FM transmitter was as easy as a mouse to set up and get running. The tuning app is about as easy as software gets to use.However, no combination of orientation of the transmitter and receiver and frequency I tried managed to get a range of more than about 4 feet, usually a LOT less.I see now why it was in the ultra discount bin at the record store. I will be returning it and would not pay $5 for it.
I first heard about this animated adventure on viewaskew.com. I must say that I never saw the original broadcast of the first 2 episodes, but when I heard a complete collection was going to be released (I'm a huge Kevin Smith fan), I just had to get it. My expectations must have been set too high because it was just plain awful. Laughs were far and few between. The best parts of the whole DVD were the Character Development and The Clerks Style Featurettes, but hardly worth the money paid. The 15 second introductions before each each episode were the only ""uncensored"" portions of the video. I had expected a little more off-the-wall, cutting-edge humor instead of 6th grade antics. Save your money and buy something worthy of being in your collection.
IF there was any significant mention/reference to Thomas Jefferson and or the FreeMason conspiracy, maybe I missed it as I nodded off during this too long, weak plot waste of good forest product. Skip this at all costs and pray they don't make it into a TV movie. The book description leads one to believe there might be a story here, there isn't. A Total waste of time!
I can only concur with the previous reviewer. A cultural history of reggae album covers would be a wonderful idea, but this one is not it unfortunately. The text is patronising and only serves to further exoticise Jamaican artists, the choice of sleeves displays a fondness for lions but very little knowledge of the subject. Nothing on Studio One silk screen covers, no mention of Orville 'Bagga' Case, no discussion of the 'Zippo' lighter sleeve to Catch A Fire... I could go on and on, as Buju Banton would say.
Did not work well. Need to dump. Provided less than a half hour battery life. I do not recommend buying this product.
Part Number AV21401-12 is a lower price. When you order they respond not have in stock.They place the same Part Number AV21401-12 at higher price.They play with the client. This is a bad practice.Careful when ordering, you will lose your time.Belkin AV21401-12 Home Theater Cable 12 ft
The title gives the impression that the reader will learn facts that could not be aired on TV at the time of the incident. But this is an auto-biography starting when Bob was in college.
If you want a shooter game where you have to unload an entire 30 round clip into an opponent in order to maybe score 1 kill, then buy this game. You can sneak up on other players and shoot them point blank over and over again and not even draw blood, let alone kill them. Tedious and boring. What a huge disapointment this game was. Well, at least I still have CounterStrike and UrbanTerror.
This book was a waste of money. Most of the stories were boring and poorly written. I got the impression that since there are so few writers on St. John, any local can get a book published if it has anything to do with the island.
Without a doubt Thomas Wolfe is the worst...I tried reading this book many years ago...it was awful and dull and boring beyond description...anyone who recomends this book must be a dullard.c
I have read the book and seen the monumental miniseries. This film has a not-so-hidden agenda that is anti-Catholic. In both the book and the miniseries Charles becomes a Catholic and understands. It was not that he wanted too much. He was in love with Sebastian. Sebastian drank, not because Charles loved Julia, but because he was lost as many were in his generation which was just coming out of the Victorian era. Emma Thompson plays Lady Marchmain as a gorgon. In both the other versions, Lady Marchmain is a suffering saint.The rest of the film's cast, except for Michael Gambon and Greta Schachi, are terribly miscast. The Julia looks like a drag-queen. Sebastian is supposed to be a beauty and that cannot be said for the film's actor.""Brideshead Revisited"" is a marvelous novel about redemption in a tumultuous time of upheaval. Give it and the miniseries a chance. You will be inspired.
I've had this juicer about 15 months and the motor just stopped without warning. SALTON does NOT sell ANY JUICER REPLACEMENT PARTS, so I now own more junk that must be thrown out.
My wife bought this watch for my birthday from Costco and i liked it initially. After couple months, the strap just broke on its own. And there was no repair for the strap. Finally i had to have a local repair expert drill additional pin hole to fix it. Then the battery died , which I thought would be an easy thing to repair, but neither Costco, Sears nor Macy's was able to replace the battery for this model. Yes... that was a big surprise for me. Since then , I stopped using it, I would like to find a new strap and have battery replaced to use it, but just can't find any place who can do it.
These are not actually printed dvd's. All covers are inkjet printed (with perforated edges) and paper sticker dvd faces. They look exactly like pirated unofficial copies. The movies are copied on purple DVD-R's. I will be asking for a refund immediately.
Just when you thought it was safe to take a nap ...... Here comes a science fiction flick with unimpressive special effects and no colorful characters. How about suspense? Are we actually expected to care about people who may or may not be dreams? Deplore the demolition of buildings which may or may not be dreams? What else is this movie lacking? It offers no comic relief, no good background music and ordinary costumes. The actors look too much alike and none of them are easy on the eyes. Leonardo DiCaprio is no longer attractive and commands little stage presence. Two hours wasted is my opinion of this film.
I bought two, so it's very unlikely that both products suffer from the same defect. Winder runs when I plug it in, then doesn't seem to run thereafter. I have to unplug it and plug it in again for it to start up again. As such, this winder does not do its job. Others have reported similar problems.
Since I purchased and read this book, I have found out that Bryan Post's credentials are suspect. His PhD is from a college (Columbus University School of Public Administration) that is basically a diploma ""mill"" where anyone can get a ""PhD"" for a price. He has been reprimanded by the Oklahoma State Board of Licensing and forced to use a disclaimer in all his advertising. (All these facts can be found by searching online) In my opinion while Bryan Post has some very good ideas and is a dynamic public speaker however I cannot trust him based on these facts.
This is the first review that I have done on Amazon and I have been a long time customer. I just felt very mislead by the other reviews of this book. It was honestly one of the worst books I have ever read. The story was poorly written and was just disappointing on the whole. I actually threw the book away, because I don't want to pass this on for others to read.
This recent attempt at story telling by Earl W. Emerson suffers from the basic malady found in both his series of murder mysteries featuring the male characters Mac Fontana and Thomas Black (as well as the insipid female, Kathy). Enjoyment of these works is greatly impared by a pervasive macho stupidity. All of the stories convey ""...a false sense of charisma"" (Morons and Madmen. Earl Emerson. 1993:156) embodied in the male protaganists. An obsession with female breasts and sexual conquests bring a derisive burden to an otherwise interesting story. Insensitive, sexist commentary from a supposed studly point of view mars otherwise accomplished writing skills. The conflict always seems to revolve around men ""...whose macho territory has been invaded by women"" (ibid, page 175).
HEATER WORKED GOOD BUT QUIT/FINDING IT IMPOSSIBLE TO REPAIR OR GET HELP FROM COMPANY NEEDS SPECIAL TOOLS AND SAYS NO CUSTUMER REPAIRS POSSIBLE
We registered for this and thought we were lucky to receive it. After putting it together (it is very large) and turning it on for a test run we were very disappointed. The mobile makes noise while turning (clicking) and was very distracting. The mobile also gets stuck and makes a grinding noise until it gets going again. Needless to say - we returned it.
This diaper cream seems ok as a preventative application when my baby does not have a rash, but when she already has a rash and I apply this cream she immediately starts crying in pain! If I can't use it to treat a diaper rash, it's not much good. I'm not sure what ingredient would cause this stinging pain, possibly the tea tree? I won't be buying this again.
Please do not write things you don't know about. This guy knows very little about movies and pretend to be an expert. Too much nonsense in the book! The way he see movies is just like the way a child see. Don't waste your money on this crap!
We have ordered 2 so far and both had holes and bad seams, Amazon replaced it but it is not durable
This book looked interesting, and after reading the reviews that others left, I bought it. Well, after reading some, I'm returning it. It's completely ridiculous. The author seems unsure about most of the info and gives very vague answers to the questions. Don't waste your money.
Waste of money. I bought it for my daughter, loaded it on her XP machine and it just locked up. I contacted Topics and they have a downloadable fix... but of course that only works if you got it to load right in the first place. Infuriating that software vendors can get away with this and I have to waste my precious time getting their products to work, and when I seek a refund they tell me I'm out of warranty. Finally you just throw in the towel and kiss your money goodbye. Isn't that called fraud? I will never buy a Topics product again. This event (along with many others like it) convinced me to migrate my family over to the Mac platform, where programs actually work!
I HAVE ORDERED ZINO FROM SEVERAL DIFFERENT SOURCES AND NEVER !!!! HAVE BEEN DIS SATISFIED. ACTUALLY I WAS DELIGHTED THAT THE FRAGRANCE WAS LIKE IT WAS MADE 25 YEARS AGO. IT WAS PERFECT !!!! THIS LAST ORDER HOWEVER, SMELLS LIKE SOME TYPE OF DOG WASH. I WILL RETAIN THE 3 BOTTLES THAT I ORDERED TO FRESHEN UP MY CAT LITTER BOX. NEEDLESS TO SAY, I AM MORE THAN DISAPPOINTED. I AM ""PISSED"" AT MYSELF FOR ORDERING 3 BOTTLES. 12.6 OUNCES OF PURE GARBAGE....MINUS MY $93.00 SPENT.
What a disappointment! Why the author would thoroughly document the lyrics, while leaving his readers to make up a melody to these SONGS is beyond me.
I saw this one in the theater after a friend of a friend convinced me to see it with him (he was seeing it for a second time.) After the first ten minutes, I wanted to leave. If you like formulaic and predictable movies that attempt to convince dumb American youth from small, hick towns that they actually have a future beyond their local Wal-Mart or becoming mince-meat in Iraq, then this movie is for you! However, if you like movies that actually challenge you to think, don't waste your time with this one.
I bought a pair of these a while back and was disapointed. I had them on for maybe 10 minutes before they developed a run all the way up the leg. Total waste of money.
I ended up just scanning the pages looking for useful information. I was in a sorority for 4 years, and I did not find much of the information even relevant.
I bought Almighty Cleanse (seven day program). I took the 34 pills a day; that many pills a day made me feel very sick. I could not eat yet I gained 10 pounds in seven day. No plug after I finished the product - just the weight gain. VERY disappointed in this product.
This product is a scam. I applied the product exactly they way it instructed me to, and even exaggerated in the quantity. The following two days, dogs were doing their thing as usual.
This Nolee doll is slutty. She is ugly too....... I am never going to get this ugly and slutty doll. I am going to get a beautiful and pretty Bratz doll. You should too if you want to have a fun life. And they are prettier and better anyways, and my Scene dolls suck.
I flipped through this book at the library. I saw Natalie Goldberg's name and instantly thought that I was in for a treat. WRONG!! It's a journal!! And one with an itty-bitty amount of paper to write in to boot!! Soooooo happy I didn't purchase this one. I'll save my money to be used for purchasing another book written by her.
When I plugged this in to my iPod Nano, a message appeared on the screen that said, ""Charging is not supported with this accessory."" I tried it with another Nano and with an iPod Touch as well and same thing happened in each case. There are cheap, generic chargers out there that work but this isn't one of them.
ToT has changed, it's true, some of it is downright amazing examples of european techno, but I know most people would rather have the original ToT back. If you already know you like some songs off this album, or you are just experimenting with industrial music, I would suggest ToTs 'Aegis', which is overall more consistently good. There are a couple songs on this album that I have to listen to now and then, just for the singer. The bonus track ""The New Man"" is strangely the best song on this album, but only because of the vocals, the music itself is uninspiring 3 second loops of palm-muted guitars and some off-pitch synth seemingly thrown in just to make the album sound somewhat interesting.
I'm gravely disappointed with this cd. It is much worse than the singer's first album. Here, both the voice and the singing has declined in standard. I'll give it one star.
do not buy this movie-a piece of sh..!!B rated at best! Promises a cult classic, but is so wrong in many ways!
""Red Sorghum"" is a great movie, but this DVD is a poor copy of a VHS tape. The picture jumps so much I feel seasick. We need some truth in advertising; I didn't know what I was buying.
I have purchased This item in november, 2011. But I have not received the item so far!And Amazon.com is the seller!
This is one of those books that ""smart"" people like to ""read."" Well if being smart means liking this, count me out! I don't know if it's modern, post-modern or what: but I know this much, I'd rather just curl up with ""Bridges of Madison County"" for a good cry! I don't understand why such a 'great' author can't seem to come up with a straightfoward plot that makes sense. I'd like to have seen Leopold patch things up with Molly, am I right? I mean, let's get down to brass tacks: don't we all hate those intellectuals who consider this one of the century's 'finest works of literary craft'? I mean these are the people who put ""Citizen Kane"" in the top ten...and totally ignored ""Life as a House""! (No offense, but Orson Welles is no Kevin Kline!) Unless Oprah puts it on her book list, I won't be picking this one up again, that's for sure.
I purchased this to use with my car air pump so that I could inflate an air mattress indoors without having to buy another pump. This product does not work at all. Do not buy it.
latch on door breaks very easily and cost to fix is [money] had to take 2 back and 3rd one had to pay the cost plus shipping. Pictures are excellent but would not buy again. Feel like it is poor quality..
What a boring book. Most all of this information can be found on the internet for free. This book is just another example of the hysteria imposed on citizens of this country. We will likely never be exposed to these agents and are probably more likely to die in our sleep from boredom due to reading this book!
If ""what you see is what you get"" aka if you're buying EXACTLY what is in the picture, this is fake. Louis Vuitton does NOT wrap their handles in plastic... I mean, hello, it's LOUIS VUITTON.
I picked-up this game for half-price at a closing Kmart and all I can say is 'What a waste of money'. The graphics are horrible. Car control borders on a leaf in the wind. The brakes are about as non-linear as can be. The tires spin at the slightest touch of the throttle, and trying to feather the throttle-button just bogs the engine. After trying each of the tracks twice, (we) shut it off and put in LeMans test drive; WHAT AN UNBELIEVABLE DIFFERENCE! LeMans blew this game out of the water. DO NOT waste your money on Sports Car GT. And this is coming from a SCCA safety worker that had a personal connection with these cars and series.
I read the reviews on this board and decided the yays outweighed the nays so I went and bought it. After just one listening, I tried to give it away but nobody wanted it. So there it sits in its jewel case gathering dust. If you like Shania Twain because she's pretty, buy a poster. If you want good music, buy Martina McBride.
For some reason Amazon never shipped the two items I bought, and for some reason I didn't even could make an A to Z guaranteed or something. I feel swindled...
THIS IS THE WRONG PAPER FOR The A203 Sharp cash register. You need 2 1/4 inch width paper NOT the 1 3/4 inch that is recommended. I guess everyone is buying the wrong paper as Amazon.com states that customers who bought the Sharp xe-a203 cash register also purchased the XEA40TRT thermal paper. DO NOT DO THIS.
At first I loved this tripod and all its features. Worked great for a few months then the lever on the ball head started slipping and couldn't completely clamp down on the ball. The lever is plastic but the ball screw is metal. Overtime the lever gets loose. The most serious problem was that recently 3 leg clamps broke when I tightened them down. Glad I discovered this before it damaged my SLR. Seems that this is a common problem with this Manfrotto re-branded tripod. It makes me cautious about the Manfrotto's as it seems they have a similar type of leg clamps.
As someone who enjoyed Fleetwood Mac I decided after reading the reviews here to buy the DVD. What a waste of money! A lifeless performance with some very poor vocals in places - especially Lindsey. Some excellent guitar work doesn't make up for a lack of passion in the performance. In places its embarassing. Sorry, this is a waste of money in my opinion, there are some much better concerts to spend money on.
The positive reviews on this book are clearly written by the author or her friends. The book is extremely poorly written, being full of basic grammitical errors and incorrect spelling. The story is really a non-event about a women spending 2 years and 7 days working in the back office of video porn distributors. About her working long hours and being ""good"" at her job. It came across as a big complaining session about her former work collegues. I say ""who cares""! The book was simply painful to read. A mildly retarded 4 year old could have done better. All I have to say is don't waste your money on this book.
If you are more concerned with making YOUR life easy than you are with raising a happy, healthty child then this is the book you want to read. It is overly concerned with how to make a baby fit into your life, rather than teaching you how to raise your baby with compassion and kindness. I would recommend The Baby Book by Sears and The No-Cry Sleep Solution by Pantley instead.
This book was trash. Shallow, implausible, moronic plotlines and a writing style that is simulatiously glib and overwritten. The characters were heavy-handed and one-sided. A waste of three hours. And somebody please tell this guy to quit using the phrase ""fait accompli""--once is enough.
I bought this set for my husband's shop and he is the only person to use it. Two days ago the DVD player stopped dead. We used the cleaner and it worked fine with that. We played a CD on it and that worked fine but the DVD will not work and it will cost us almost 2/3 of the purchase price to see if we can get it repaired. I am very disappointed in this item. It is the second Toshiba DVD player that has stopped working with no warning. I won't be buying this brand again.
Purchased this GPS to connect to my HP548.Unit was very easy to set up and install software.Map files are very large so for any long distance traveling you will need a larger CF card for the map files. I purchased a 256mb just for this purpose.Initially the unit kept saying to recheck the power connections when I tried to get the GPS to sync with the satellites. When it finally did sync with 3 of the 8 possible satellites it would intermittently lose sync with them making the unit basically worthless.
This one was another big disappointment from Sinbad! Again I can't believe he actually put this out! He has some good ones, but I can't figure out how some of them are so bad.
Horrible product. Had to return it. The sound quality is not very good. Has a lot of noise. The volume level is low.There is a constant hissing sound. I use the adapter that was ordered from meritline for 2 bucks does a great job.
My first mouse of this type was DOA and never worked. I returned it. The second one worked right out of the box. While playing around with it, I activated the magnifier. Neat idea I thought, until I could not turn it off. Even when the mouse is put away, I could not undo the magnification on my new Thinkpad so I may need to get yet a third one just to turn this feature off. I suggest avoiding it in the first place.
This product didn't work for my iPod so I had to return it. Sadly disappointed that I wasted my time purchasing it.
What a terrible excuse for a bb gun. It has good accuracey and hits hard. However, when i got it, the bi-pod was broken. The red dot sight that comes with it is not adjustable, and can not be seen in daylight. After a few uses, the bb's started to fall out of the barrel when it was tilted down( not even all the way down). I thought i could fix it so i opened it up. I discovered that all of the metal berrels were rusted completely out. Who knows how long it had been sitting in a factory. Overall, its not worth the money and i would recomend a clear airsoft gun so that you can easily see the broken parts. DO NOT GET!
I don't see how anyone can stand to listen to her. I can think of probably 1000s artists better than her. Even Britney Spears has a chance to become better than Cher. For your own safety please don't buy this album.Warning: Side-effects from listening to this CD include: nausea, diarrhea, constipation, and bleeding through the ears, as well as severe brain damage(which explains why so many people continue to buy her albums).
I bought this book after hearing the author interviewed. The interview indicated a knowledge/proof of certain technologies. Once in the book however, I found that the author did not provide much of either. He read alot into 'no comment' answers from government sources. If they refused to comment, then the answer is likely yes. I was looking for specifics on technology that is used to spy, specifics on successes/failures and other 'provable' items, I got alot of speculation and innuendo. I was disapointed in the book and would not recommend it to others, in fact I took the book on a vacation and once I read it, I went to the resort's book exchange and traded it for something else. A free copy is available in Mazatlan!
We were so excited to get this costume for my son's 4th grade Living Museum Project. Sadly, the costume was defective, and was unusable. Most of the stitching simply came apart when my son tried on the costume. At this point, we are still waiting for a response about how to return or get a refund.
Dear God this movie is AWFUL! You would have to go a long, long way to find such incredibly poor acting. This film needs to be deleted from any digital outlet that is mean enough to serve it.
It looks cheap and unimpressive flashing like a carnival light at the county fair. I refused to put it in my vehicle and took it to my shop to give away to a kid as a toy.
Erasure really disappoints with this one...same old sound and no creative hooks. I think I am officially off the fanclub.
This guy was called B.I.G. and he should have been named BIG, FAT and UGLY!! Who would really find this enjoyable to listen to? Most all rap music is just the same beat, same rude lyrics, sung by black guys rubbing their crotches. Now that is really attractive, fellas!!Do yourself a favor, instead of buying this CD, go get yourself some real music, some R & B or maybe Motown. THAT is R.E.A.L., but this rap crap is a B.I.G. waste of money.
This product is awful. The copyholder and the slider do not stay in place on the monitor. I would not recommend this product.
I usually love true crime, This book shed no light on who may or may not have murdered this precious child. I could have taken every newspaper clipping on the crime and written it myself. Wasted my money BIGTIME!!!!
I'll admit it, I only read 250 pages of this book. That's all I could stand. How can this book be compared to good SF/Fantasy writing? The characters were simple-minded fools, and the dialogue between them was excruciating. After reading the final 20 pages, I realized that the hero was betrayed by his jealous brother, the good wizard was his grandfather, his enemy was his father, and he's in love. How sweet. Sound like a B movie? No, B movies are over in 2 hours, this book drags on for over 800 pages! Don't waste your time.
trash, this is the worst product I have ever bought. The water tank has started leaking after only 2 hours of use. made of really thin plastic that will not stand up to normal use. a recall needs to be enacted on this product. I have an older deluxe hoover model that was made in the USA that has lasted for years and expected the same quality from this product. On a positive note it worked well before it started leaking. &quot;buyer beware of this junk&quot;
It's Christmas time, and a man comes to see Holmes at 221 B with a strange story. It seems that a man he has never met before has invited him to his home in Sussex for a party to celebrate the holidays. He wants to know whether or not he should go -- and Holmes tells him to do whatever he'd like to do. The man then invites Holmes and Watson (whose wife is away with relatives for the holidays) to join him, and off they go, meeting several other people who have never met their host before. It's not long until the purpose behind this rather odd gathering is revealed, and Holmes & Watson are off again trying to solve the crime.While I admit that the premise is quite good (and new to me), it's so obvious what's going on that Billy, the boy who helps Holmes in many of his adventures, could have solved it. Aargh! Not one of Val Andrews' best, by far. I think this one is actually skippable.
What a disappointing selection for California's required Hispanic reading! This book is disjointed and written in such a juvenile manner that I thought originally throught it was just a very poor translation from the Spanish. While the concept is somewhat interesting, a Hispanic community in Chicago is harder for Californians to identify with. Why not a book about the Hispanic community ALL over Calfornia? More than the location though, I had trouble with the dull, repetitive tone of the book. What a snoozer!!
Only 11 month into usage, this TV developed a 3 inch red strip along left side of screen on all input signals. This pretty much renders the TV useless. Even before this, the TV has excessive audio buzzing noise. I have tolerated for almost a year. Definitely will never buy another Hitachi product.
Seems like a book written by an amateur, not a successful and well-know writer.Totally uninteresting and predicatable. Characters are not the least likeable. Plot line boring and formulaic.I ended flipping pages in order to get to the end. Finally, I just trashed it.
This is quite possibly the worst book I've ever read. It is ridiculous from the beginning to the end. I'm sad a tree died to make the paper for this book. Do not waste your time.
I actually had two copies of this DVD, ""The Ghost and The Darkness"". I tried playing them on three different DVD players. Both copies on all 3 DVD drives the picture shacks and shimmers through out the movie. I would have liked not having to return it, as I did enjoy the movie. But Paramount needs to control quality. I did buy both copies in different retail outlets.
I've not read any other of Ms Scoppettone's books, but this is so badly written that I couldn't finish it. As another reviewer noted, the dialogue was excreable.
This book attempts to tell the story of Carl Sagan but all too often gets distracted by the science. Long complicated passages (too complicated for some amatuers) go into the science and detracts from the proposed main theme of the book, Carl Sagan. The book also is very disjointed, the author in his narraritve will skip years, even decades, in a single paragraph. And there is little insight into Sagan himself and no details on his major achievment, ""Cosmos."" This is a long,boring disapointing book about a fascinating man, all the more the pity. Save your money and go rent Cosmos or read one of Sagan's book.
The films in this series are poorly made, unresearched, propaganda films. The information which they present is inaccurate and sometimes downright hateful. There are far more accurate religious films out there.
I was very unsatisfied with this product. All I could pick up was a lot of static. I was in the room right next to my baby & it was so staticky I couldn't hear a thing! I also picked up phone conversations. I would not advise any one to buy this product unless you live very far away from your neighbors.
This story absolutely sucked. Just when you get used to the weird writing style, the story JUST gets interesting and it's over in what feels like the middle of the story. The worst part is the Kindle edition makes it appear like your only 2/3 of the way through because of that annoying thing they use on the bottom of the screen to show what ""page"" your on (i.e.- 1035 of 2500...who designed that?!?). The rest of the content is some lame and boring story about a Clone Trooper and some other uninteresting crap....YAY!!! I want my $2 and the hour it took to read back.
I thought Pat Benatar was a good singer. Then I bought this lousy CD. I think its just terrible. What a boring album. I really think that this was the biggest waste of money. I paid 17 dollars for this CD, and hated it. I brought it to a place in Chicago and they wouldnt even buy it from me. I couldnt even get 3 dollars for it. They said no one wants pat benatar. No one even wants to be her. Pat doesnt even want to be pat.
John Mayer is the patron saint of every guy who got laid in a dorm room due to playing the acoustic guitar badly.
I found myself downloading Sigur Ros' stuff after reading positive reviews of Agaetis Byrjun from Radiohead fans. This is not Radiohead. This is not even music. If a rusty gate was to have an orgasm, it would sound like Sigur Ros' vocals. Tuneless gibberish, and it took 3 minutes for Svefn-g-whatever to get anywhere at all, and even then it sounded like an extended sneeze. ""Acheeeeeeooooooooo"". I can imagine the art school kids gobbling this stuff up. If you have a penchant for eccentric New Age claptrap, or if your sleeping pills have been failing you, you'll appreciate Sigur Ros.
Is it just me, or does Mr. Paisley sound exactly like the country singer in ""Team America: World Police?"" Only asking.
please some body call me at 510-791-2002. you have charged me for this item and never send me the merchandize. either send it or refound my money.
i got this card because my game sounds were lacking. the computer somehow fixed the problem by itself, but the card was on its way so when it came, i put it in anyway. the game sound was pretty much the same, but every time i listen to a song, regardless of how many patches and updates i pump into this stupid thing, the song skips, not only once but many times, and for prolonged amounts of time. this really gets on your nerves if you like hearing sound out of your computer. im pulling this thing out of my computer and going back to the onboard sound chip. this thing was junk.
This is a terrible CD.Do not buy.And it is not worth the price.Sounds like Mr Roger""s imaginary world. For example, how on earth do you inhale and exhale from your forehead?If you are truly interested in Yoga read""Light on Yoga ""by B.K.S. Iyengar.
This was the biggest waste of money. This just sucks. Basically most of the bands you cant even understand what they are saying. Theres maybe two tracks that are decent and thats it. Please do not buy this unless you like that headbangers and yell so loud that you puke stuff. Not guns n roses at all.
Sorry but this cartridge does not work. It leaves dark smudges when printing. Disapointed and would like my money back or a replacement.Philippe
The last thing we need is another pop star sucking up the air waves; we have enough Michelle Branches and Jessica Simpsons already. And this one claiming to be a skater? I skated throughout high school, and I can assure you that rubbish like this was never listened to by me or my friends; we listened to Minor Threat, Pantera and Cypress Hill. What kills me is that this is actually popular; one of the guys at my work actually bragged about this album coming out, and I nearly slapped him. (...)
I love Grimm! It's a great show which is why I ordered the DVD of the series however of the 5 disks in the set three of them had sections that were so badly damaged I could not get them to play. I asked for an exchange haven't gotten the new disks yet so I can't say anything but it was very very disappointing to get a damaged and therefore unenjoyable product!
Unfortunately, when the package arrived, perfume had leaked all over the place. Another bottle was sent, a different brand, and it leaked exactly the same way. There was no refund or further exchanges. .
I've had the unit for about 3-weeks now and find random audio drop (1-2 seconds). Contacted Sony Tech and they said it is because of a DTV. Sony also said all other Sat Receivers had the same problem. I cannot believe this. I upgraded from the SAT-HD200 (no-audio drop) because I couldn't split the signal to two tv's without watching both at 480. The HD300 alleviated this problem and also comes with an exented RF Remote Control. Overall for the money, very dissatified.
Way too small to be practical. I wanted a set that could hold standard bags of flour and sugar. These don't fit the bill.
The Datamax II was a big disappointment. The first one we ordered for our son's 8th birthday showed up with the display not working. We exchanged it for another and the display on the replacement went bad after 2 days. We won't be ordering another.
I ordered the nice 17.99 VCI version of Chandu and when it arrived I found that Amazon had sent me part 2 of the cheap Alpha version which costs around $5.50. I don't understand how Amazon messed my order up but they did.
The molasses itself and everything that I've baked using this molasses ends up with a peculiar petroleum aftertaste. I have mentioned this to others and they have likewise experienced the same aftertaste. At least being unsulfured it will stands a better chance of passing emissions if burned...
This case is not what is pictured. The phone-side of the able is large and square and does not fit into the iPhone or iPod with the case one. Not recommended.
We bought this heater on 12/05 and brought to authorized repair center in 2/06. We called repair center several times and were told that the needed part had to be ordered from Italy. 9/06, service center told us that the needed part is unavailable. We called Delonghi parts center and were told that they will contact Delonghi corporate office and some one will call us. That was last week. We contacted them again today (9/19/06)and got the same reply. We are very close to giving up our effort. Lesson we learned is not to buy appliance on line. At least we can always bring back the broken item to local store.
These are not the original tracks so they sound close, but if you have the original song in mind from your younger days, you'll be disappointed.I shared this disk with a 15 yr. old friend and he thought it was great, but I feel like I was dupped because I know what the originals sound like. Buyer beware!!
Bought my first one in '97. Lasted (reliably) for a couple years then quit. Quit because water got inside even with O-Ring seal on cover. Sent it back (after warrantee expired) for replacement. They charged me about 1/3 less than new. New one lasted about 1.5 years before quitting - same issue, moisture inside. Someone somewhere must make a reliable unit that does NOT quit after a year or so.
The CD is messed up, so I have heard. The track list is out of whack and in fact I believe the CD is being recalled. Hope this clears things up.
Don't buy this CD. It doesn't play on my car CD player. The car CD player keeps rejecting it. But at least I can play it on my computer.
Garmin's devices are pretty good. Somewhat tempermental, but mostly reliable. It's connecting their software and dealing with Garmin support that is a nightmare. And, you will need to call them because their software has all kinds of bugs and an archaic key system. Customer service hold time: 30-35 minues. Response time for email tech requests: a staggering 5-7 working days. Clearly Garmin does not care about its customers.
I bought this book in hopes to learn something about AI Robotics (as the title misleads you to believe). I found only mistakes. One after another. It is clear that this woman does not know much about robotics, and was just in a hurry to get a book published. STAY AWAY from this one.
unlike other people who had such a wonderful experience with the book, mine was a complete disaster.The first chapter was dedicated to running the program, and modules files, in the second chapter author would give a code example and end it with comments like"" we will explain the concept in later chapters"" that turned me off cause if you going to use an example expalin it or give an example that's pertains with the chapter. furthermore, later chapters of the book, were written with sample code with no Explanation at all. what good is it going to do me? a code without Explanation.. Anyway i am looking for a more detailed book on python. If anyone can help me out please post a note. thanks
This seemed like a great idea in the packaging, but the ""critters"" inside don't move very well once the toy is attached to the carrier handle AND the music doesn't last nearly long enough. You also have to remove the thing to take Baby in and out of the carrier or he'll hit his head. This item is going back to the store!
I had my friend who works on cars for a living install my cd player in my car and it doesn't work. The only thing that worked was the eject button. I've tried to contact the company THREE times and I don't get a clear response on how to get my refund back and now it's been over 1 month and I'm still trying to get an address where to send the cd player back but I get nothing.
This movie does not play on the dvd player and has to be viewed only on a computer. We have never had this issue with any other dvd.
I forced myself to read the entire gross mess in the hope there would be something worth while in there. Save yourself the trouble unles you enjoy slasher movies and that ilk.
this cd is really bad for a greatist hits cd.i bought this album for heaven,pretty in pink and the ghost in you.these songs are real masterpieces .when buying this album i thought the rest of the songs would be good also,man was i wrong.besides the three songs i just mentioned the only other good tracks are president gas and imitation of christ.i spend over 20 dollars for an album of 14 tracks with just 5 good tracks on it.what a waste of money.don't make the same mistake i did.
TiVo listed this amazon.com purchase as the 1996 version with Marlon Brando and Val Kilmer.The 1977 version was the one I received instead.I am not happy...
I bought this 'cause I thought it was a good design and needed a staple gun. But it stinks stinks,
I was not aware that this was a Mono recording when I ordered it but the sound quality was terrible the instant I started playing it , I gave it away. This is the second tme in the last few weeks that I have bought a Mono recording from Amazon, on neither occaision was this fact vouchsafed.
This book is terrible!! It's the same thing over and over. Treadwell names his bears and gives you the same boaring synopsis of their days events; digging clams, waking him up during the night, etc. And let's not forget about ""Timmy the Fox!!"" It's more exciting reiterating my pet hamsters daily schedule!! You would be better off reading Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. Don't waste your money.
The description makes it sound as if the ""author"" gives you ideas on topics to write about, but all this product is is a spiral notebook with kiddie pictures and the occasional (not even on every page!) blurb. Save your money, buy a nice spiral notebook from the drugstore. The Toddler Journal by Christine Harris took a lot more work and is money better spent. I'm disappointed and am returning the Mommy Journal.
I ordered this on January 30th.It is March 31st today, and is currently slated for deliver in LATE APRIL. I am confident they won't make that date either. My order has been delayed over and over and this is not the first time amazon has pulled this stunt with me. I ordered one of the Detail series books last year and after approx 4 months finally gave up and cancelled that order.Really shameful business practice, and I believe it is potentially illegal to post something for sale saying it is available at one price, but only shipping to those that buy at full price. I urge any other people like me that have had this experience to file complaints with your local attorneys general and better business bureaus.Amazon ought to be ashamed of themselves, and they've definitely lost me and others in my family as customers.
this is the one that started the whole kids singing. its full house meets the brady bunch:The musical. do not buy this. buy the cd from the actual singers.
A tired but still commonly used trick-if u cant win the debate slander the opponent. Ann Coulter, O'Reilly, Hannity etc point out the Left's repeated failings (the UN, the Liberal ideology, big government, socialistic programs, handouts, and appeasing tyrants) and point out better alternatives. So the response to this? well hate of course! Whats a liberals defenition of a racist? a conservative thats winning an argument. so if u want to support slander, small minded irrational anger, and the one world view is all anybody should hear vision of the liberal left then buy this book and shut off the higher reasoning functions of your brain.
I bought this pepper grinder for my son and he doesn't use it because it doesn't grind the pepper. The grinding mechanism is made of plastic and is worn out after a couple of months. It's marked made in Greece like my original one but I think it's a Chinese knock-off.After reading eight people gave this pepper mill five starts, I am losing faith in the Amazon rating system.
I love Tim Powers, but this is by far his worst novel. It's long, overwrought, and tremendously dull.Tim Powers is a master of making the supernatural believable, but here he falls far short. The plot is not only unbelievable, it is uninteresting. The characters are dull and underdeveloped and the story limps along, begging to be put out of its misery. I couldn't even finish it.You are better off re-reading one of his good books (On Stranger Tides, Anubis Gates, Last Call) than reading this.
This author may have fairytale endings to many of her books, but fairytale is far from what this author lives. In a description of what this author likes to do with her spare time, she states that she likes to spend time with her two sons. She also has two stepsons who she will not even consider her stepsons, and this is quite evident to both of them in their young lives. She writes of the finer things in life, but money and material things will not make you happy in real life, Ms. McKinney.
Excitement to use my cell phone as an mp3 player turned to a disappointment rather quickly after using the ear piece. The volume is too weak with the ear piece.
First the rake came incomplete. Then when I received the missing partthe screw was not included and I had to scrounge to find the right screw.After I finally got it together I found it was too short. I tried tocall Customer Service, left a message but never received a reply. I am5'10"" and I had to bend to use it. The leaves I tried to pick up were wetand the rake wasn't sturdy enough to hold them all together.
The previous reviewer was too generous. The numerous flaws in the book were so offputting that I finally gave up in disgust and discarded the book. One might expect that a book which asserts to prepare you for any exam would be proofread especially carefully. It appears that the only proofreading was just of simple grammar. Nothing on the logic or accuracy of what was actually written.I strongly urge you to look for another text. Don't waste your time with this one.
Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha, Ha ha ha ha ha.Okay, maybe I'm not being fair. I take away one ""Ha."" Either way, this book is still an utter joke.
This watch arrived D.O.A. I think the battery is dead. Also, the band is so big it slides all the way up to my elbow and it doesn't look like any links can be removed.
Despite the proliferation of computer books out there, quality books written for computer professionals are amazingly hard to come by. I have gotten to selecting books by publisher now, and after reading this one, McGraw-Hill has dropped to the bottom of my favorite list. The book is poorly organized, each example is repeated 10 times. It's hard to read, presents too little information for the number of pages it is. The book reads like something that was typed up in a haste to get to the market with very little concern for quality.
This book won't be very helpful; it attempts to cover far too much material. The editing is shoddy also, with quite a few errors, such as listing the crankshaft dimensions of the B23 and B230 engines as identical.
Boring..boring..boring..What an absolute waste of money. I read the synopsis of the movie and it looked interesting. I purchased it and realized that I had truly wasted my money. Nothing original and interesting, just stories, which by themselves were not interesting, with some flashes of simulated sex, which wasn't interesting either, thrown in for no reason. This movie is a dud.
The concept is right, but the construction is flimsy. The pull tab, which you would use to lift the steamer out of a pot, would not stay attached. I'd send this back if it weren't such a hassle. Instead, I'll just use a hot pad to lift the steamer out of the pot.
I bought this for my uncle. I imagined the battery would be fine, but last time I spoke him, he mentioned the battery never worked.ANother battery like this from another supplier didn't work either (after one charge it has stoppped working).It told my uncle better buy another camera (no more Olympus) instead of investing in lousy batteries.There are supposed to be original Olympus batteries!
I WAS SO EXCITED WHEN I FIRST LOOKED AT THE MATTRESS PAD. THE TOP WAS PLUSH AND SOFT. BUT WHEN I REMOVED IT THE SKIRT WAS COMING UNSTITCHED. THE WHOLE THING WAS UNRAVELING. I'LL GET ANOTHER BRAND.
I've just joined amazon prime and have clicked on this episode...it says it's playing, but where? I can't see it streaming or hear any sound at all :/ can someone help me with this? Thanks :)
My little girl absolutely loved hers, but we ended up taking it back for a refund. If you have one, try this out: The yellow plastic part of the seat can pinch their fingers/hands quite easily. All they have to do is put their finger slightly underneath the edge of it and then walk in that direction. My daughter got pinched so badly. I tried it out myself to see if this was maybe a one time occurance but found it easy to do. I took it back and the store said that they had similar complaints. Sooooo.... too bad. Because she loved playing in it!! :(
I purchased two, the first exploded just outside the 1 year warranty (litterally, like fireworks) and the second exploded just within warranty and got replaced. I then had the new replacement 3rd one that exploded within a year and this one actually shortly caught fire... I wrote to the company about the fire, and they didnt even bother to respond to me to appologize.
This is made from lightweight plastic. There is a little lip in the front, so if your laptop has controls on the front, this cooler will interfere with them. Also, if your laptop only has USB slots in the front, the cooler's short USB cable may not reach them. Widescreen laptops will hang over the sides and make the unit a little unstable. The fans are quiet though.
The Good:Item is as described and for the price the blades are ok. There are plenty of replacement blades in the box.The Bad:The handles feel cheap and are very light, they don't have a good ""feel"" in the hand. The blades are not very strong and bend when cutting plastic sprue.Overall:You get what you pay for and these are worth every penny, but not a penny more.
A fast read, reasonably good but with little depth. Sweet, Funny, Sad, and Predictable come to mind to describe the story and most of the characters. What it does do, is allow the reader who lived during the 1950's to recollect what young love was about then as opposed to what it is perceived to be now. Clearly a reasonable value at the retail level, and a bargain thanks to the Internet.
This was a great tool. I've made the best roasts and hams ever since I started using it. No more opening the oven and trying to determine if the meat was done to the right degree. Unfortunately, the probe only lasted about 13 months - just out of warranty - after less than a dozen uses. So now it is useless and I am not sure I want to try this brand again.
While recovering from surgery, which necessitated sleeping on my back, I used two of these under my knees. I think that you'd have to be very small to be able to get by with one. They turned out to be a little too firm to be completely comfortable, but the optimum degree of firmness (and height) will likely vary considerably from individual to individual. Adding a thick towel helped some.
I know they gave the measurements when I ordered it, but this table is giant. It takes up half of my son's room. Not to mention that you have to pull it out from the wall in order for him to play with his trains. Overall it's a good table, my husband had trouble putting it together because a lot of the hardware was not fitting correctly. The quality of the table seems good so far.
While I love DYMO's printing of labels, I really despise their white labels. A little bit of sun and heat and the thermal paper blacks out.Now, their clear labels are a whole other story...I love them!! These allow a more professional look on envelopes, packages, and return mailer cards.Buy the clear labels - you will fall in love with how quick and easy they are to use.
This is a beautiful mug with a lifetime break guarantee but I wish that the handle were a bit larger for people with big hands as well as those who are arthritic.
This is a nice looking clock radio, but even though it has 10 different sounds, most of them are indistinguishable from one another because of the grainy quality. It is also pretty obvious that they play in a very distinct short loop, rather than seeming to naturally flow. Probably will get more use out of this as a clock radio than as a sound machine.
The book is really good but the first one I ordered was missing section 3 so I got a replacement and it was missing the same pages. I might order the kindle version but am wondering if it has all it's pages.
I suppose it depends on your needs. There's only my wife and I, and we don't generate that much trash. So we probably expect one of these bags to last about a full week - which is FAR too long. If you're dumping anything moist into them (coffee grounds for instance), forget it. They'll begin to break down almost immediately. Every time we'd change out the bag - it had tears and was already falling apart.If you need to change your garbage bag every 2-3 days, you're probably alright. But beyond that, count on some troubles.
Hello folks its Vince the radioman. I have been a collector and a buff for many years , love to do compares . This radio is generally ok no major complaints . The tuner quality is good ( although you can only tune down to a 5kh increment). Much better quality than the G2000a. The sound is a bit brassy but clear. Its a good little travel radio and for the casual user its certainly worth the money .I would rate this better than its competitor the Sangean ATS 404 . It has a little bit of a better tuner , better at noise reduction and it has an external ant. jack which is always a plus . Not the best radio for DXers because of the 5kh increment but you can still get some fairly decent results . Grundigs construction quality leaves a bit to be desired ( be careful its delicate!!) but all in all not a bad little radio . If you get a sale buy it.
If you're looking for pictures of Cleveland, Mansfield, Athens, or Cincinnati, then this book is for you. The rest of the state, though, is largely ignored. Northwest Ohio and Toledo, for example, are mostly absent, save for 2 shots of the Mud Hens stadium.I bought this book because I wanted pictures of Ohio's beautiful countryside, farms and barns, small towns, and of the area in which I grew up. The majority of the rural photos, though, are of the Amish, and their focus is still more on the people than the landscape.I'm not saying this book isn't worth your time. The book is beautiful and the pictures included are for the most part very nice, capturing human emotion and experience well... but again, mostly just within a few select cities.
The case is cute and a pretty shade of pink, however, it isn't big enough to hold anything other than the DS and a couple of games. There is no room for the charger or earphones.
This was my first test of Jojoba oil for my hair. I found it to be decent moisturizer, but for all the positive reviews I expected silky, soft hair, I did not get that. In fact, my hair felt oily, as if the jojoba rested on top of my hair shaft instead of being absorbed. I have used less than a quarter of the bottle in over a month, so I know I don't need to use a lot per try so I suppose there is value for money.
This very short book is amusing but uneven, as if a blog had been expanded. It wavers between offering real advice (but very basic, such as ""when you travel, pack light"") and humorous faux advice (such as the recommendation to have your child make you cocktails). Towards the end there are unexpectedly imperious warnings about the dangers of TV, which sound a bit like the overbearing parent we as readers have enjoyed mocking for the rest of the book.With the exception of that chapter, the book is a bit of a self-indulgent laugh at over-involved parents and a chance to pat oneself on the back for being more sophisticated. While I agree with nearly everything in the book, I had really wanted to check out of the whole parenting judgment thing, which is tiresome. I think the real revolutionary parenting book will be the one that manages to break out of that cycle of judgment which seems to be incessant now.
It does a good job, but I have to hold the thing tilted back the whole time or the kernels just fling right out into the bowl the second I turn it on before they get the chance to pop. Aside from that, it does the job. I'm just using regular yellow kernels that worked fine with my old air popper before it broke.
The book is fine, but it inst all that helpful for an overall picture of toddler behavior. It is great at explaining some examples (whey do they....) and is an easy read, but only a back up to your basic toddler behavior book (I like the happiest toddler on the block)
If you are an admirer of Herzog's great films (Aguirre, Heart of Glass, Nosferatu, Fitzcaraldo) I would like to caution you against this one - that is kind of a Hollywood picture (though it is pretty good for Hollywood standards). It lacks the experimentation of other Herzog films - and is shot in a very unlike Herzog way - this is the first Herzog film that really feels like a film - like it is on a set instead of in the wilderness or in a seemless period cottage. I do not think this is a bad movie - but a bad example of Herzog...
This bedrail was somewhat difficult to install. It does serve the function for which it was designed, but because it is awkward for the person in bed to put the side down when he needs to get out of bed, he is rarely using it. We bought itbecause he had rolled out of bed while sleeping once. Fortunately, that hasn't happened again, but we really need to find a rail that can be more easily lowered by a person lying in the bed.
this album is enjoyable...the lyrics are fun, and i particularly like ""sci-fi wasabi"" and ""speechless""...but overall it lacks energy. i feel as though the group spread itself thin trying to include a little of everything. cibo matto is not the only band doing the mixing/beats thing, and i think other groups do it better.
The attachments work. It doesn't sweep carpets as well as I expected. In addition it is really heavy. I would not recommend this one.
This is my second Nikon Rifle Scope. Light transmission is great. My only problem is that the recticle is too thin and can be hard to see where the crosshairs actually cross. The little circles for the BDC are also hard to see (assuming my eyes are good :). I would probably go with the Nikoplex recticle like on my first Nikon Scope which I would give 5 stars.
I just got done reading this very long-winded tale of ""who-done-it"" and I have to say this is one of those books that you really have to stick with in order to get into it. This is the first time that I have read this author, and I am not sure the presentation of this novel and the way that it was written, that I would jump for joy to read his material again...very slow moving story, with very little action...what does this novel have going for it?? I do like the way that the author ended everything on an even keel...I enjoyed how he took one character (Frances, main character's mother) and made her realize she had made some major mistakes in her life, and was now turning her life around.This is not a bad book by any means, but if you are looking for a story that has lots of non-stop action, that leaves you on the edge of your seat...this is not the story for you! As I soon found out!!!! :)
An excellent summary of some of the major events of the 20th Century. Omits far too much detail to be thought of as a serious work of history. Often skips the ""why"" of important events. The text suffers from an inability to separate conclusions from the context of the times (a little too judgemental). In a disapproving tone, Mr Jennings points out that German victims of allied bombing never received compensation. Why would the world compensate people who worked so hard to support the Nazi regime that produced Auschwitz and Buchenwald? Dresden deserved no better.
I like Demon Hunter. The band makes me laugh. I love TFU, and found the self titled album to be a fun listen, despite the blatant rip-offs the band took from mainstream nu metal bands.Unfortunately, the follow-up doesn't seperate its self. There are some solid songs, but much of it tends to flow together redundantly.The cover artwork and interior photos are killer, however, and saved me from giving this album only two stars.
I saw this at a friends house, ready to order it after we listened, but I was disappointed. Performances uninspiring, horribly lit stage and poorly shot. The hand held cameramen must have come from a home for cameramen with Lou Gehrig's disease. The have trouble holding the camera relatively steady (and don't give me that ""it's shaky cam"" BS). They also have trouble holding focus (and don't give me that ""it's artistic"" BS). But the person who has to be held responsible for this is the director, as it's his call on lighting and he directs the cameramen. It's all an embarassment.Want to really hear and see these guys perform well, buy the 2007 Eric Clapton Guitar Festival- and ignore the Amazon reviewers comments.
This unauthorized biography has quotes and comments from a lot of people that Bill did not like or respect. It is somewhat one-sided in that respect. People either loved or hated him, but a remarkable number of people respected him and appreciated what he did. Having worked with him for 12 years, I am one who respected him greatly. This is just one of the two bios on him and I suggest readers look for the authorized one by Robert Greenfield called BILL GRAHAM PRESENTS.
The Bank security guard asks Grimm after he blocks thedoor open with his size 20 Clown Shoe.Grimm's response:""The crying-on-the-inside kind I guess!""is a classic! It's been an inside family jokesince my wife and I saw it long ago. Thisfilm is a good mix of humor and crime caperand has strong supporting performances by Randy Quaidand Geena Davis and by Jason Robards as the determineddetective hot on their trail. But I won't ruin itby saying any more. Worth adding to your collection,especially if you are a fan of Bill Murray's.P.S. I meant to give it Four Stars!
Perfection in Pain is a much better album. If you have it you can ignore this one. If not, log off now and go buy PiP. The songs and the playing is OK but it doesn't get you in the same mood as PiP. Sounds too much like 1000's of other Goetheburg clone bands.
I read the book Memories of Anne Frank by Alison Leslie Gold as an assignment for school. I usually like to read but this book was very average but I am definitely not saying that this book is not a good one. Its just really is not style of book. The book was focused mainly on Anne Frank's childhood friend Hannah Goslar and Hannah's family. The book was not very factual, it did not give many important dates, and it stayed mostly from one point of view. The story was mostly based around memories that Hannah had of Anne's and her childhood friendship and the families friendship when thing were all fine and before the Nazi people came. The book I would probably recommend this book to a girl over a boy because the main character, Hannah, is a girl and boy and girls interpret thing differently most times. Mainly I did enjoy the book but it was not one of the best books I ever read.
The watch has low visibilty at night, and now im arranging to get a different model that has a light
After reading all 7 stories in the Left Behind series, I must admit that Indwelling was a little slow. The series is informative and kept me excited from the first page to the last. However, some of the redundancy in the story drove me a bit crazy. Nevertheless, I am waiting with baited breathe for the next installment.
I got this gun today and here's what i have to say about the gun.First of all the gun has alLot of metal parts and internal componets, it feels sturdy at grab,this gun doesn't have allot of detail like other models u, have to load each bb individually,the loading is a bit hard so u will have to implement some force don't be scared.the box comes with a very small bag of bb about 24,also this model doesn't have a safety switch witch is good for little kids.over all is a solid gun with no good detail, it shoots fairly hard and the magazine has a capacity of 12 bb's(THIS GUN IS MADE IN CHINA)
I was expecting a hard back. The content is good. I wanted to give this book as a. Gift to a Hemingway lover.
I have grown up with the Friday the 13th movies, I always watched them at slumber parties and stuff like that. Watching the original makes me nostalgic. It's probably one of the better ones in the series.The film doesn't have a lot of plot but some of the scenes are quite chilling, especially the creepy bathroom scenes ""chh chh chh ha ha ha"". The acting by the unknown teen cast is just passable, some of the dialogue is kinda cheezy, but it is worth sticking around for the 15 minute finale alone. It is my favourite part of the whole movie when Betsy Palmer delivers her unforgetable, over the top performance as Mrs Voorhees. Its funny how you watch a bunch of amateurs acting for most of the movie and then along comes Palmer, she has more talent in her little finger than the rest of the cast put together, pity she wasn't given a bigger role, she deseves more.I like Halloween much better but this is pretty good, I will always have a place on my shelf for Friday the 13th.
These DVD's are already dated! ""Inside Air Force One"" and ""Inside the White House"" are both back in the Clinton era, and there is much too much fawning about Bill and Hillary. ""Inside the Pentagon"" is more recent, however it is well before the Second Gulf War, and the revolutions that that war has seen in the area of freeing a country without destroying its civilian population or destroying its intrastructure. While these DVD's are appropriate for children, they are too dated for most adults.
It appears as though End wanted to fill some sort of gap in the electronic music spectrum. Although the tracks are crisp and clean, it was almost embarrassing to play it out loud. I can only describe it as immature, throwing a jazz riff here and a Sitar riff there. It sounds like Autechre regressed back to grade school, only End has less purpose and direction in thier tracks. I apologize for the negative criticism, but I just don't see this as a keeper. Even buying it used didn't soften the blow of an album which shouldn't have been. Three stars for putting in the effort to produce the album, but no more. You'd be well advised to spend your cash elsewhere.
I usually read mysteries and thrillers that are more serious in tone ...i.e. Michael Connelly..Alan Furst....Frank Tallis.I found the heroine delightful..charming.. The place and time made the story more interesting since the mystery itself wasn't much of a mystery.
I had bought a pair of 514 Slim Straight jeans a year or so ago and they worked out great so I thought I'd get another pair, just in a different color. However, this pair that I just received is much tighter fitting than my original pair and the only difference is where the jeans were made. So I would just caution everyone to take note of where the jeans are made, because apparently 30x32 slim straight means different things in different countries. Also, in case anyone is interested, Cambodia seems to make jeans that are more comfortable while Sri Lanka makes them fit much tighter.
This is probably Erasure at one of their finest points. This CD was released at a point when the duo kept getting better and better, going from ""Sometimes"" to ""Oh L'Amour"" to ""Chains of Love"" to the radio/MTV hit ""A Little Respect"" and then this one. They were pretty big at this point and it shows in the very self-congratulating use of giant brassy synth stabs in success called ""Drama!"". It's a very fun CD, if you don't like the whole Erasure-esque esperience then you will detest every moment of this CD. It is extremely sugary. ""Sweet, Sweet Baby"" had underground appeal in 1989 with a very euro piano-house vibe, vocoder robot voice, and shrill strings. ""Paradise"" is in the Erasure mood. This is a few releases before this duo become predictable and bland and too political.
This works to prevent the dog from making nuisance visits to the front seat while driving, but it doesn't seem sturdy enough to be of much use in an accident. I think the best option for safety in an accident is a harness that attaches to the rear seat belt or other sturdy attachment point. (depending on the size of your dog, you may have better or worse luck with it - my dog weighs 50 lbs)Since it's only as high as the bottom of the headrests (it couldn't be much higher without obstructing visibility to the rear), it won't stop a determined dog from getting into the front seat to slobber into your Coke while left unattended in the car while you go in to pay for gas. So if you are really looking for a foolproof way to keep the dog in the rear, look for one of the wire mesh barriers that go all the way up to the car ceiling.For the price, I really can't complain, it works as it should.
Really rue the day I bought this printer. The print quality is cheap. No way to adjust or clean the heads. It is constantly running out of ink. I bought this for the little printing I do at home. Total waste!
I cant say that it is a bad album...but there are songs that are really bad, like thrills in the night. Heavens on fire is a super song comparing with the rest.
I purchased this multivitamin because i wouldn't have to purchase any extra supplements (C/D).. I realized that this is supposed to be 6 pills a day, which I have still never worked up to. I was taking 3 a day, which still felt like a lot to me... because......These pills taste AWFUL. These pills smell AWFUL. To open the bottle and take them almost makes me gag so I have to get the pills out and leave them on the counter for a few minutes for the smell to dissipate.Also, the pills aren't small, so if you have difficulties with small pills, these aren't for you.
After reading glowing reviews for this novel, I was very excited to start it, and found myself deeply engrossed in Part One, which is set during one long, hot summer's day at an England manor house. Treachery, lust, betrayal, and violence occur, shattering a child's view of the world around her. It is a startling, unpredictable start...unfortunately, Parts Two and Three (McEwan seems to think of his novel as theatrical, in the tradition, I suppose of Greek tragedy) can't measure up. I personally find war fiction to be incredibly boring, so was disappointed to find that Part Two was all about WWII. And Part Three, as an elderly woman travels home for a family reunion, feels surprisingly cloying when placed next to the dark, brooding suspense of Part One. The novel feels very uneven, and I was disappointed to see it go downhill, especially since the beginning is so promising.
I have very mixed feelings towards this entire series. On the one hand, the atmosphere is incredibly vivid. I can't really judge if it's accurate, but I certain feel transported to another time and place that I can experience with all my senses.However, plotting and characterization sometimes leave a lot to be desired. The male members of Edgar's family were so one-dimensional and melodramatic that I lost interest in what would probably have been a pretty good story. There were two exceptions: one is a brother who is gay, which at least is one of the nicer stereotypes about homosexuals; and his uncle who belongs in a sword and sorcery novel. I didn't much care for the ending. I think Newman may be getting herself into a corner, but I don't imagine that I'll read any more of the series, so I'll never know.
The pillow is nicely constructed of quality materials, but the design puts too much foam in the crook of the neck and pushes the head too far forward and out of the comfort zone. I took a sharp serrated knife and trimmed off some of the foam. Worked fine after surgery.
Because ""Intelligent Investor"" is almost four decades old, I've given this three stars...Although the examples in this book are outdated, I think it is a must read for the beginning investor.For the investor looking for a safer and a more contrarian approach, this is a must addition for your investment library. I've done well with this strategy buying everything from technology to oil service stocks.The ""Intelligent Investor"" approach attempts to guide the investor in the direction of capital presevartion while waiting for stock appreciation.Stick to the strategy and HAVE PATIENCE! Over time, most of your stock picks will let you sleep well at night as well as get nice returns.Another book to consider and mold into this strategy is ""Contrarian Investing"" by Gallea & Patalon.
I'm not the biggest twilight book fan but, i did want to see the movie. I know it is a big deal and has so much attention but i was disapointed and wasn't the only one. I ordered it on ppv the day after it came out. I read that fans of the book said it was good and close to the story in the book. So it was actually boring i didn't see the chemistry at all between rob and kristen and there characters. It was just quiet and gray which i'm not fond of in movies. And i still find it weird that these vampires stephanie meyer created don't have fangs and the sparkle thing that happens to vamp skin in sunlight is the dumbest thing i have ever seen. But the movies was still average.
I've done this workout three times so far and am still struggling to learn the steps. This workout is fast paced from start to finish. I do work up a sweat and feel I am gradually learning the movements, but because the steps are changing so frequently you don't get a chance to perfect them. It would be helpful to have a section where the steps are paced out slowly for beginners. I have had dance and aerobic classes in the past, but this was challenging to keep up with the steps. It's a great workout, but difficult to follow. There is not a lot of motivation to come back and do it again.
seem to work as you would want but maybe to loud for quiet place unless you dont mind most adults knowing what that sound is.
This is a well-written, extremely light bit of satire. The ensemble cast live lives comprised of bridge games, golf, and gossip, with very little else to occupy them. After a hundred or so pages, however, I yearned for some excitement not involving who wore what to whose party. Back to the hi-jinks of Wodehouse, I suppose. Incidentally, the other reviews below mine seem to refer to another book, as Lucia does not appear in this one.
A useful reference for Bible Study, although I did find a couple of instances of beliefs contrary to those held by us Catholics. Also, it is not as in-depth as, for example, Barkley's Book of Luke, which often brought me to tears with it's beautiful analysis. I thought this was more ""on the surface"" than Luke. In that respect, I was a little disappointed. Nonetheless, I believe this may help expand on concepts taught by other references.
This is the 2nd Naughty By Nature compilation (following Tommy Boy's 'Nature's Finest' from 1999), and this release from Rhino isn't a complete collection of Naughty's hits. Like the earlier CD, this collection is missing 2 big hits, namely 'Jamboree' (featuring Zhane), and Naughty's major hit from 2002, 'Feels Good' (featuring 3LW). If Rhino & Tommy Boy can't release a definitive compilation for Naughty By Nature, I urge fans to take matters into their own hands. In short, MAKE YOUR OWN CDs, and ignore these half-baked collections from the record companies!
Overall not a bad book, found it to be very general in a few key area; this would be due to such a large range of models covered. Next time I may look at the OEM manual; for a comparission.
I enjoyed J.D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye I would reccomend it to any teenager, even if it takes place in the 50's Holden Caufield is still a very relateable person even to people growing up now. But what I did not like about it was that Holden seemed to complain as if noone else has every faced the same problems, even though they were'nt small and meaningless but there still not an uncommon thing. I don't really hate it but personally I don't like it. Overall I liked this book though, it was one of the first books I really ""read"" rather than reading it just for school.
As a die-hard fan of this band, I would say that this is not a very good collection of their songs to start with, first off, this has the song ""Phaorahs"", which has it's own bussiness being on another CD and not really being on a ""Best Of"" CD. This CD also leaves out a few of TFF's early hits-Pale Shelter and Mad World. The way that this collection is thrown together says that it's best to buy their 1992 hits collection.
tripod looks professional, handy and comes with a carrying bag. Not the durable, but it's a good tripod.
After the previous year's successful album ""Vol. 2, The Hard Knock Life"", Jay-Z gives us ""Vol. 3: The Life And Times of S. Carter"" by sticking to his guns and showing us why he's got more money, more cash, more jewelery and more women. The Jigga man may have fallen off lyrically with this one, but there plenty of gems to make you nod your head when the beat drops. Not his best efforts, but then again where are you going to find any better in this era.
Diana did not rise to the level of performer that I would buy a record by her. She gave it her best shot and it just wasn't good enough. If things don't change in the quality of her voice she probably won't be around long. I feel for her because people can be so mean and some of the comments are totally uncalled for. She is cute enough for something on broadway though; good job Diana for hanging tough.
This movie comes across as a sweet gay romance. It's fairly easy to follow what's going on and there is an occasional line of dialogue in English. But English subtitles would have helped a lot and I'm a bit disappointed that AMAZON's listing for the movie failed to mention the lack of subtitles.The DVD was also rather annoying because of what seemed like a long 5 minutes' worth of dire threats and warnings (regarding piracy) at the beginning of the DVD with no option or way to navigate away from said threats in order to get to the top menu and/or the beginning of the movie. The usual 5 or 10 second warning I can deal with but the seemingly interminable legalese-type warnings on recent DVD purchases of films from the Philippines are way, way over the top - especially with the DVDs being formatted in such as way that one can't escape all that crap.Still, I very much like Asian gay cinema and was glad to add this to my collection.
Before Gloria De Haven became a star at MGM, she was a band singer for Bob Crosby and Jan Savitt's orchestras. I'd love to hear those recordings but these are radio transcriptions she made during the 40's. Her lovely smoky voice was quite the contrast from her sweet screen image. Although I like her film roles like Summer Holiday, I wonder what could have happened if she continued soley on singing. There are two duets from film co-stars June Allyson and Frank Sinatra, but he's not listed. There was a now out of print cd from Hitland a few years ago paired with Pier Angeli, that contained songs from Gloria DeHaven's movies. That's worth tracking down too.Unfortunately the back insert of the cd forgets to mention that 4 is Blue Moon as a result the numbering is off. But this is my only quibble.
Can't actually believe I'm writing this--usually I'm saying where is the romance--how about another love scene--but it isn't so much that there was too much sex--as there was not enough plot...The actually plot itself could have been written in 3 or less chapters--all the rest is Jacob and Faith screwing--and I mean screwing their brains out......I do like the epilog at the end, it really got me ready for Aidan's Charity....
The light kit that assembles on to the stand, would not work....and I needed it immediately so there was no way to return and get another! Luckily my husband is handy, when he took it apart to try to fix....the wires weren't even connected inside, the screws were missing! Really...an assembly issue all together....the assembly step got skipped!
Coming out of a Strong Lite case, I was disappointed...HOWEVER, If you place the case upside-down and zipper with moderate difficulty, it will serve it's purpose and only if the chair has wheels allowing you to roll easily by the shoulder strap. See pic.A bit too narrow for the bottom chair bar and definitely way too short to fit the whole chair.At less than half the price of other cases and the seemingly good quality material (of course, only time will tell) it's a good buy if you don't mind carting the chair with the cover upside-down.Also, be aware, it does NOT come with bonus wheels, so either the previous reviewer got lucky or they changed the product. The product info does not state the wheel feature.The bottom footings are made of plastic, so the claim about not having plastic parts is false....though won't matter to me as they won't be touching the ground anyway! Bottom line, you get what you pay for...hopefully!!!LOL
The cover of the book states ""Project Source Code in C# AND Visual Basic.Net"" There is no VB.NET code in the book. If you want VB code you need to look on the CD that comes with the book. This is probably a big plus to C programmers and a major drawback to VB programmers. If you are not a C programmer, this book is a waste of money, because not only will you have to read a boring book; you will have to decipher the C# which can really slow you down. However, if you are a C programmer or are trying to become one, then this book is a good reference for .Net graphics.
Perhaps it's just me, but Vacation installed successfully on my mac and everything looks fine and works fine until I try to actually play the game. My sims are paralyzed and time is standing still. Again, I'm not sure if it's a bug in MY program, or if it's going to happen to everyone. I look forward to others posting here- in the meantime, be aware that the game is unplayable if it happens to you too!(I give it three stars because I know if it worked, it would be wonderful. Somewhere between 0 stars and 5 stars, is three.)
I recently purchased this case to go with my Nikon D3100.. While it fits the 3100 nicely with the standard lens, it falls a little sort with the 55-200 lens and doesnt fit the 18-105 lens at all.. I think they could have done better with the neck sizing with this case, but for what it was designed for I like it.
I just wish they could make easier brush to clean.I like it because is flexible and i can use under refrigerator, sofas, dryer etc.
The screw/knob that tightens the gooseneck to the arm always comes undone very easily. I think they could have designed one that tightens better. Other than that this is a good pop screen to get going with.
I bought these for the kids at Christmas and they loved them. They were on sale and for the price I couldn't beat the deal. They were playing with them even without them being hooked up to their Ipods. It's a really cute toy and was a great stocking stuffer.
Order of the Phoenix was a huge book, but the movie is fairly short. I wanted to love this movie, but I only like it. The book is far superior in every way possible. It does the job, but not well.
I read the reviews before I bought this DVD given that everyone seemed to rave about it. I have to say that this is WAY too advanced for me. I jog just about everyday and would say that I'm moderately active on a daily basis so I thought this DVD might be challenging but something I could use to help tone up...NOPE, I couldn't even do 2 minutes (in any of the sections of the DVD) because it was too hard. I don't usually complain about my purchases but I wouldn't have bought this knowing how advanced it really is.
Don't know why they don't list both authors, namely John Esquemeling and Basil Ringrose.The first half by Esquemeling is stiff and boring. He lays it on pretty thick about the famous pirates like L'Ollonais and Morgan being totally vicious sadists. Esquemeling claims to have been an eye-witness but he uses the third person virtually throughout.The second half is very fluid and engaging. Actually made me sad that Ringrose met his end so prematurely a few years later whilst on a plundering mission with William Dampier.There's a fair amount of navigation details in the Ringrose portion, especially towards the end when they sail around the horn and don't sight land again until they reach Barbados! This is an effective technique for conveying the real tedium and totally lost, almost hopeless, feeling of such a protracted voyage. It also makes you realize how hampered navigation was before a reliable way of determining longitude was discovered a hundred years later.
I got this after the nine eleven attacks and wanted to more about terrorists and how they think and what types of scenarios they have under the radar, since it was very controversial the Oklahoma incident and there was more beneath the surface.There was more beneath the surface and it was a good idea to show what this was all about.So there are plenty details about a militia that the subject joined along with two others who were persons of interest, it would be interesting to see what has become of them after awhile.The militia is what led to the other persons of interest. Importantly, the militia was not while the subject was in the Army, he signed up after discharge apparently or was in the process of signing up around the Gulf war incident. Valuable for its earch into the mind of a veteran of the Gulf war, and just as cautionary as any other in its subject matter. Recommend...Aryan Somers
Ghost Road Blues had the potential to be much better reading than what it was. Don't get me wrong...I liked the book. But it's one of those I wouldn't really recommend to friends/family. One of the things I liked about the book was the fact that it took me down a road of horror I hadn't expected. The villains turned out to have a supernatural link. I was disappointed in the lack of character definition. You never really got to know these people you were rooting for...It was too lightweight in my opinion. I noticed there was some repetition in the book too, as if the writer either forgot he'd already written that part or he was trying to use up some more space. Anyway, this book is kind of like one of those one or two star horror movies that you watch once just for the heck of it, then forget it. Not real bad, but not real good either.
It just doesn't beat a traditional Game Mat. This thing will tire out your arm and are somewhat limited to what you can do.Plus a game mat won't cost $20 like this thing does.
I was never able to install the software for this thing. Not only that, it crashed my computer a number of times and made subsequent restarts and shutdowns really slow.I ended up going with a linksys after I returned this one. The linksys software didn't quite work either, but at least it didn't crash the computer.What I ended up doing was just using the drivers windows has to run the card and it works perfectly. I would imagine this would have also worked with the belkin, which is quite cheaper.If you're still in the market for a belkin card, don't install the software. Just run window's drivers and I'm sure it'll work just fine.
This is an ok album,by an average band. I still dont hear anything that proves to me that the the other members of N sync( lance,joey,and chris) actually are singing on the album. Bye Bye Bye, Its gonna be me,are probably the best songs on the album. Digital get down,is an ok song,about a retarded subject(cyber sex),and Space Cowboy is a little to much for the white boys to handle. Another thing thats not that great about this album is that almost everysong is about them,and a certain girl,or girls.(its gonna be ME, it makes ME ill, this I promise you, thats when I'LL stop loving you, I'LL be good for you,and I thaught she knew). But none the less this album comes through in the end,with some good dance songs that will make for a descent party album.
It is very nice looking-appears to be well constructed UNTILL you look underneath and the slats are particle board! My husband sat on it-He's not overly heavy-it cracked. We had it re-enforced with real wood and its better
It's hard to get as thin a slice at home but it's also quite a luxury to have this on hand. The ham I got resembles the picture's wide end up to the bottom red area beneath the white letters in the photo and is missing the upper protuberance. I got a bit more than 4 lbs and less than 5 lbs.With the $8.75 shipping, this ham is per pound more expensive than delis which slice this for you.Made in USA
i am on my 3rd roomba and 2nd scooba. they work wonders for a few months (roomba is much better than scooba which doesn't have the brush so it can't do corners at all), but then the battery, brush, sensor, et cetera goes. my friend tried replacing all of the parts of her roombas, but it was less expensive to just get a new one when amazon runs it's $200 sales. like i said- they are both terrific and cut down on cleaning time tremendously, but if you are in it for the long run and don't plan to replace every 6 months or so...wait until they make some improvements.
Similarly set up to the 1995 film I.D. (though not as good), Green Street Hooligans sheds light on organized crime and hooliganism in England.A Harvard student and journalism major is framed by his roommate and expelled from college on allegations of narcotics possession. Flying to England to visit his sister he gets drawn to the world of football violence.Elijah Wood, and most of the cast's acting is pretty good, but nothing great.Claire Forlani was delightful as Shannon; let's see more of her!The setting, the plot, the dialogues, and the music, are overall good.In short, though not as good as I.D., Green Street Hooligans is still a film that will provide for an evenings' entertainment.
I love this product but have one complaint that no one seems to mention in their reviews. The concept of a timer (15/30/60 minutes) is great. However, the machine turns off but fails to shut down the iPod causing it to continue to run long after the sound machine has shut off. I have to remember to sneak into my son's dark room, find the correct button on my iPod (by feel, which is difficult with a practically buttonless iPod). Thus, due to the extended 'play' time, I am having to constantly recharge my iPod lasts only about 2 uses. Poor design. Automatic shut off should shut off iPod unit too, to preserve charge-life! Other than that, GREAT product. Sound is good, volume adjustment is perfectly fine.
I watched this movie directly after seeing ""Mrs. Miniver"" on Turner Classics, and expected something along the same lines, however I was a bit disappointed in the defeatest tone of the movie, and the fact that there was no accounting (unless I missed it somehow) of the absence of the oldest son Vin...also, Judy aged quite fast in this sequel! I was unhappy about the ending, and couldn't understand why we couldn't just have Greer and Walter dance off into the sunset...still, if/when it is available on DVD I will buy it.
This mystery has good character development and provides an interestingsense of police culture. However, the mystery itself was weak.The story is about a kidnap and murder in the who-done-it genre. Iwas disappointed with the loose ends and lack of depth to the story. Isuggest starting with another one of John Harvey's books.
This effort only shows how much W.R. had slipped from it's Black Market, 8:30, Heavy Weather, Mr Gone period. Night Passage is the beginning of the end. It seems that Zawinul became the ultimate control freak to the detriment of the band. 3 stars at best and only because of Jaco's brilliance did I not rate it a 1 star.
Used for my Human Sexual Behavior Class. Interesting ideas but ultimately drags on. I only had to read a few chapters for class so it wasn't extended suffering. And when the year was finished, I found myself not wanting to sell it back. One of the few texts from college I'll keep.
Ms. French seems to enjoy writing books in this genre. I just finished reading Wayne's Dead which was a story I found to be a bit on the 'severe' side, that is to say, until, I finished reading her, Chasing Demons. I usually enjoy a good thriller but not when the writer takes the storyline overboard. Not only was the storyline a bit overdone, but more attention should have been given to the editing of this book. Bottom line, Chasing Demons is a good story but a little too dark for my tastes.
This steamer got hot fast and makes a lot of steam, but it's big, somewhat heavy and a little awkward to use. But, for getting out a few wrinkles it's great.
his racial statements are distrubing that he could do that to a culture that he isnt a part of anymore i dont see how he could ever apear on BET or 106 and park this cd has a couple of solid songs but nothin new or creative the same old i invinted white rappers the game is nothing without me i mean who does he think is. Cage could rip you is 3 seconds even bubba sparxxx is more creative then you why do you make the same records over and over or you say that your gonna rape ur mom or kill somebody. eminem wouldnt have sold half of these records if he was black. and by the way canibus ripped eminem and could anydayFavorite Track:DripsGuests:Obie Trice,D12,Dr.Dre7 of 10 lyrics 7.5 of 10 beats
This book is an excellent reference for anyone applying to the academy. It is however, outdated. While the traditions of the academy probably haven't changed, much the application process has changed due to technology. As we have read through the chapters, we wondered what else might have changed sine the second edition of book is now 12 years old. I guess it's out of print now and we paid twice the original cover price for it. None the less, it is full of helpful advice. My son, the candidate, and I have read it cover to cover! We would have enjoyed an updated version.
I'm not in the extreme on this, in that I enjoyed the original cut,but I think the longer cut is both richer and more haunting.But in any case, it seems absurd to bring out a blu-ray thatdoesn't at least have the choice of both. (Same thing withthe recent 'Brazil' blu-ray).When the director's preferred original vision has long been availableit just seems wrong for the only blu-ray to not contain that. If youwant to give me the original cut too, and let me compare, terrific!(As Criterion did on their great 'Fanny and Alexander' set)But if you have to pick only one, it's not the one the film-makerdislikes!
They defiantly fit in the Denix SSA pistol.They are solid metal and have a good feel.They are a little small, so they rattle around a bit, and short so you have to really look down the cylinder to see them.
The book Below Another Sky by Rick Ridgeway is a book about a man (Rick) and his friends going to various countries and climbing various mountains. Rick is a man who loves to climb and his best friend, Jonathan is a photographer going on a trip to this mountain to get pictures of the mountain. Later, Jonathans dauter, Asia, and Rick set out on their own trip to other mountains. I thought that this book was okay, but it wasn't all that great. I didn't like why he did not mention why he and Asia set off on their journey because that set me off track a little, although, I like hiking and climbing mountainous areas, so it was kind of interesting for me. I would especially recomend this book to people who like adventuresome books and movies.
The video was fun for a while, but the footage was filmed at the exact same rapid over an extended peroid and got a little old after the first half hour even though it was different carnage.
My 8yo got this as a gift. We wouldn't have bought it, because he doesn't even like Scooby Doo, and he probably didn't play it for more than 5 hours - he got bored halfway through. Although it is a fun, harmless adventure for kids, and it has a wonderful Scooby retro feel to it, it just isn't gripping enough to hold interest.
for a small gift/rememberance book it is very cute, for a cookbook...well, I've seen better. BUT, that's not really the point of the book anyway. Simple Pleasures is eye candy, comforting for the body and heart. Many of the recipes and tried and true old fashioned comfort food recipes like homemade hot cocoa or meatloaf. Honestly though, some looked a little -bleck-like blueberry-buttermilk ice cream or chocolate zucchini cake-LOL.Good for a quick gift for a friend or aqquaintence-I wouldn't pay more than 2 bucks for it myself though.3 stars.
Listen....this is not a 5 star album. Please. It's a transitional album that merely hints at the greatness to come. A worthy purchase nonetheless for fans of Milton's peak period.
I got this book because I'm going to see Wicked soon. While it is interesting, this is not for young people. It has quite a bit of sexual explicit material. I am a high school teacher and would not recommend it for anyone under 18. If you are more open with your teenager that is fine but definitely not under 14.
I accidentally bought this not knowing it would not run well at all on an Intel Mac. My mistake, don't do the same!
All in all, this is a pretty good book, in a textbook-y way. In my opinion, it was mainly a rehash of the popular theories of Nefertiti, and not really anything new and exciting for us to read.Side note to reviewer Ma Ra: If you are so ticked off at Nefertiti looking more Middle Eastern than African, there's a sculptor that's been dead for 3000 years that you'll have to take it up with. Anyone with eyes who has seen Ancient Egyptian art knows that they depicted themselves as more Middle Eastern looking than what modern people consider ""African"". Sounds to me like you're pushing a sterotype.
Fan is lightweight, EZ to set controls, and quiet enough.But reverse (exhaust) airflow seems less than half (50%) of intake flow.My 8-year-old identical-looking model has only slightly less exhaust than intake.Still, it's very good for the price; nothing like it. Single-fan units either too weak or very noisy.
The overall quality of this voltage regulator is good. The under voltage / over voltage leds are a nice feature. I purchased this devise to provide a stable voltage source to my computer equipment. My original problem before I purchased was my dsl model would drop off due to my line voltage dropping low whenever I started my vacuum cleaner (the starting current of the motor is apparently quite large). Based on the reviews and specs I thought this device would eliminate the problem. Well -- no change. Even with the LE 1200 regulator whenever I start my vacuum in the house the momentary drop in line voltage is not compensated for by the regulator and my modem drops off line.
NICE PRODUCT BUT BE CAREFUL WHO YOU BUY FROM IT COST ME MORE IN SHIPPING THEN FOR THE PRODUCT.
I bought The Dirty Boogie and Guitar Slinger (BS's second swing release) the same day. While both have great music, I much preferred the choices made by the recording engineer on Guitar Slinger. On ""Boogie"" Brian's vocals all seemed to be a mono mix, with an annoying amount of mono slap-back echo. Ditto for his guitar: a mono mix about 15 degrees off-center. Conversely, Guitar Slinger made good use of stereo vocals (or at least stereo verb and echo) and the guitar seems much more expansive across the soundstage. I don't know who to thank or blame--the writing's too small for my old eyes. Anyway, I kept Guitar Slinger, and traded ""Boogie"" for Big Bad VooDoo Daddy.
After reading Ms Brown first book, I was looking forward to the opportunity to learn even more about life/death. However, I found myself reading the same stories and examples that were printed in her first novel. It was not until the latter chapters did she further expand on the ideas that were introduced in her first book. She has helped so many find their true purpose, I had hoped that she would share many more stories and situations. I found the mental exercises listed in the book to be very helpful. Entering the mental pictures she suggested was not difficult once you removed the fear of the unknown. It is a good book to read, however, you will find yourself skipping forward past the old examples and situations. She is more than just a psychic, she is a teacher and healer.
It assumes a certain degree of risk for one of the most successful writers of the last half of the 20th Century to expose his personal life for the approval of the public. Perhaps crossing a barrier into intimacy in ""Patrimony"", Philip Roth tells of the story of the death of his father.It is difficult to be judgmental about biographical account of of somebody's life or in this case death while not being overly critcal of the person. Yet while I found this book to be humorous at points, the story was just not what I had hoped to read. I am a fan of many of Philip Roth's other books. I knew this book would be unlike his other books and risked alienating Roth's fan base. This makes me wonder why Roth ever wrote or published this book.While it is personal and exhibits good storytelling, it never engaged me as a reader. To be cliche, I never felt Roth's pain. In this regard, this book is somewhat of a lemon.
We have always loved this movie, but the quality we received was TERRIBLE. It lagged for many minutes at a time throughout most of the movie.
This book explores five different methods used by skilled growers. These book is best used if you already have some knowledge of growing and want to expand your operation using techniques that work. Be warned though, this book assumes that you are not a casual grower with one plant in your closet; all the methods cost well over $1000 to start up. However, if you are a grower looking for some good techniques, this is a nice book for you.
Ella Enchanted was one of the books that I read at the University this semester in my Children's Literature class. I enjoyed the book when I started reading it because it makes you think about what life would be like if you were under and obedience spell, but what disappointed me was the ending. It seems like the beginning of the book was full of details and that Gail Carson Levine needed a quick ending to this 232 page book. I think it ended somewhat like Cinderella. As I look back on the book, I see some similarities; Olga, her step-mother, Olive and Hattie, her step-sisters (Hattie is the one who knows about the spell and uses it to her advantage), dancing at the ball with Char (the Prince), and ending up happily ever after with him.
(...)I bought this controller at BlockBuster and tried it out. I think it's the kind of controller that's for people with GIANT hands and who can lift a couple hundred pounds with their pinkies. It is huge, and I let my friends use it ;). So thats why i've won our PATHETIC games of Super Smash 2.
The Manufacture is not at fault, but I received a used product that was rated as in very good condition, and it continually stops in one certain place, even after carefully cleaning the product. We can jump over the bad spot and view the remaining portion without conflict, thus for the price we paid I rated this product three stars.
I was profoundly disappointed to see that this all American product is actually made in China. If my wife had not thrown the boxes out already, I would have gone back to Costco and bought the ones from Korea which were a third the price!
Always satisfied with Clark products. Good materials, good workmanship. However, these days, I require serious arch support. These classics do not have enough support for me.
This CD was alright, and i liked the price. But the biggest aspect that lacks in all of mikes songs are the Chorus, most of them are on liners, even one word chorus's repeated over and over. Example:(All day I dream about...)(All day I dream about sex)which basically is played over and over, but the rapping is pretty tight, another song is freak show, he says that over and over, then theres monster where he says im your monster over and over, then theres other ones but im not sure what the songs are called yet since Ive only listened to this cd like 4 times.
I enjoyed this book primarily because it successfully recreates a segment of life during the Middle Ages -- an extremely interesting historical period that is much misunderstood and maligned. There are problems, however. For one thing, the book is too long and padded. Moreover, it does not even remotely approach a top-flight mystery. No, I couldn't figure out who did it (the use of deductive reasoning is pointless here, for there are really no clues with which to work). But I did know who didn't do it. Unlike Agatha Christie, for example, Michael Jecks doesn't know how to reveal the inner thoughts of his characters without revealing their innocence! This, of course, is a major weakness for any mystery writer.The bottom line? This is an enjoyable read, as long as one doesn't expect too much from it.
The phone is cute, but the cord is really short so if you have a toddler that is older it isn't as fun to play with. It should have a more elastic/stretchy cord so that any size toddler could conform to it. Best for a child under 2.
I was so not impressed with this book. The main character is annoying and unlikable. She just never stops talking. The entire plot is predictable and contrived. It's almost painful to complete the book and then you finally get to the end and it continues in another book. Aaaach! Diana Gabaldon is ten time the writer but if you like to read mindless fluff, this book is for you.
This book started out with profound information that quickly caught and held my attention. However, I lost interest a few chapters in when the author focused on her own journaling journey. I think the book would be very helpful for those people who are seeking guidance early in their own self-discovery work. I'm further along in my personal growth and am seeking more. I may go back to the book to ""spot"" read, as this book is required reading for an upcoming advanced ministerial work class that I'm taking.
I bought this book because I loved the Phillip Glass soundtrack cd for this title. I read about 1o pages, then quit.Go buy the cd!!! the music is the best sounds the third world has to offer you.Then get Kiss Originals. ""I'm 93, she's 16, and I think I'm goin' blind""!!!!! Wa
I also own this crock-pot and so far it has served me well! I am in a bind though...I lost my booklet that comes with it and there was a beef stew recipe I used in there a couple times. My husband is really craving it! If anyone could please post the recipe that would be great! Thank you!
Seven has about two decent songs on it, and I am a serious Poco fan. Worth the price for the excellent Cantamos alone. The problem with Seven is the uncharacteristically disjointed harder rock sounding songs that Schmidt and Cotton wrote. Just not the right sound for this band. I realize they were on the rebound from Richy Furay leaving, so they hadn't yet found a direction maybe. Rusty Young seems to have started to contribute more on Cantamos and it has the consistent acoustic sound they perfected in that era.
This book was an entertaining, quick read. I chuckled at a few scenes and descriptions. I actually teared up at a few of the poignant descriptions of Diana's sister and grandfather. However, there were sentences that strained so hard to be grammatically correct that I had to reread them--why not just rewrite them to flow better? At least one character, Diana's sister Annette, was so extraneous that her inclusion diminished her relationship to her other sisters. Why include Annette at all? Also, her relationship with her father was so incompletely explored that Diana's reaction to him on several occasions didn't ring true. Why not leave this relationship as background color?
I've only watched the first 3 seasons so far. They're all great... The problem with the DVDs are on the menu.Almost every disc's and episode's menu, show an image of something important in one of the upcoming episodes. So, you, pretty much, know what's going to happen, and it can really ruin the show.I've been putting my hand in front of my face to block the top half of the screen, while switching to the next episode. It actually works alright, but you have to remember, each time, to do it. Be careful...They could've, at least, included a ""Play All"" feature for each disc.Anyway, the only problem I had with Season 2 was with Kim Bauer (Jack's daughter). She gets herself into many ridiculous situations. It was a little far-fetched, as were a couple other moments... But I still love the show.
This cookbook has lots of easy nutritious recipes to make for a child and to enjoy as an adult. I will definitely tell other parents about this book.
It does the trick of lighting but it's no quality Mickey Mouse. For the price it is fine but I held the hope it would be more than a flat picture of Mickey modeled after a Mickey Mouse Clubhouse example. I hoped it might be a small Mickey version that lit from inside.I'm using it in a guest bathroom with all sorts of specialized Mickey Mouse items. It serves the purpose but it by no means is collector quality.
""Being Boring"" is an amazing song but the rest is pretty average. I just got ""Release"" and it is average also. If you want to experience good PSB, stick to their last two releases. ""Yes"" and ""Fundamental."" They took a huge leap forward in song writing and production with those two CD's.
I bought this cap for my MLB collection. The cap was a little larger for my head. This is not adjustable but one size. Thank you.
I loved the first third of this book. The language is clever and the humor made me laugh out loud. By the end, however, I felt embarrassed for Hilary. She scoffs at those who think that following ""The Rules"" is the best way to find real love, something she seems desperate to find. But where do her methods lead her? She sleeps with men who don't love her, engages in cybersex three hours after discovering chat rooms and admits in every letter that she is unfulfilled and unhappy. The contrast between Kate's letters and hers is vivid, and maybe that was the intent. Kate's suffering was honorable because it involved struggling against real evil. Hilary's wounds were self-inflicted. I finished the book with admiration for Kate and pity for Hilary. True love involves a genuine self-donation, totally giving of oneself for the good of another, but Hilary is so self-absorbed, I fear she is doomed to wallow in her own misery.
My daughter is 11 and with a normal built, I ordered a size 14 and it was small in the back so I had to have it fixed. Not of great quality but it served it's purpose, she had a lot of fun.
I enjoyed the happy music of ""deck the halls"" it was beautiful but I still like the ray conniffs christmas songs. they are excellent songs for winter seasons.
As an avid lover of the American Civil War, U S Grant has become my most esteemed Civil War personality after President Lincoln. Of the many biographies of Grant, I believe I have read them all and sometimes more than once. It was a curious surprise to see Grant in fiction as a detective-type and I simply had to read this book. The author knows Grant well, and although he portrays him as somewhat inept, Julia Grant is portrayed as a strong, steady, and admirable help meet, although very ambitious.I enjoyed this book enough to purchase two more by the same author. This is lighthearted historical fiction.
It's a nice idea and an intressting book. But I would like to have a thicker book covering more stars. This book just skimms the surface. Also there was no index, so it's hard so find the right info quickly. The layout is cheap. I want more work put into this book.
This movie was good, containing good characters, but Isn't sociaty tired of the Christmas Carol Plot? It has been done MANY Times. The Flintstones, The Muppets, All Dogs go to Heaven, 101 Dalmatians, and the list goes on..The Story starts when Anita gets Fired by Cruella on Christmas Eve, making the Dearly's undable to pay for the Presents for the Dogs and Each other. Then Cruella is visited byt three ghosts (Played by Cute-as-a-button- Cadpig, Spot the Chicken, and Rolly).. and you know the rest.
I am a devotee of Terry Pratchett's writings. But Strata is a bit heavy handed. Cover is the best part.
I ordered tangerine/grey, but for some reason received brown and green. This blanket is small. It's not ideal for a toddler, but probably just fine for a small baby. It is also thinner than I expected. However, I do like that one side is waterproof and the other side is soft.
I purchased the Pfaltzgraff Evening Sun 2-Piece Chip and Dip Set, it's what i expected except the ""dip"" dish has a small chip on the edge.Too bad
It just isnt what i expected. It isnt the usual format that the other dora movies follow, it is simply a collection of songs from the other adventures. It isnt bad or anything i was just a little disappointed, especially because it seemed like it was over so quickly. i should note however that even though i wasnt impressed my 2 yr old loves it.
Nicer than using paper plates. But if the plates/cups/bowls come anywhere near heat, they will melt all the way through--not the vintage-style tin cups of yore that I expected. Silverware in the roll-up thing is nice, but they're not very heavy duty. The set would've been much nicer if the whole thing came with a storage pack of some kind, not just the silverware. Also, the Coleman Nylon Utensil set which is a complementary product for this dining set is a complete waste of money...you can get utensils of equal quality from your local dollar store. As an alternative for dining while camping, I recommend the Light My Fire meal kits: http://www.amazon.com/Light-My-Fire-Outdoor-MealKit/dp/B0013L4EL6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=sporting-goods&qid=1287444026&sr=8-1.
I received the My Breast Friend pillow as a shower gift. I intended on using it a lot as many of the mom's I knew swore by it. However, when I had my daughter and started to use it, I found it cumbersome and not very convenient. I ended up using pillows and then eventually nothing. For me, it's one of those things that seemed great, but ended up being unnecessary. Therefore, because of the price, I would recommend borrowing one from a friend if you can especially because if you do end up using it, it will probably only be for a few months.
....The graphics are nice, and the game play is solid, but it was WAY to easy! I beat everything (in Normal), including the S license tracks, in less then 10 hours of play. Because of that I don't recommend you buy this game unless you have friends/family that already own it and can take advantage of the multi-player options. The single player mode is just to short, and you'll quickly grow bored if that's all you can take advantage of.Dan
Several interviews rolled into one book. It was an ""ok"" read, that's why I gave it three stars. For a longtime Prince fan, there will be nothing new here. Mostly quotes from bandmates from other interviews. It's nice to have the discography in the back, but note that it only contains released material. Nice set of pictures in the middle. Storyline ends in the late 90's.
An item that is really hard to find. Hope to be able to use it when camping season open up.
Modern CRT TVs are very complex. Many years of evolution have taken place. Can you be an expert in TV repair after reading this book? No! Does the book provide a background about TV circuits and probable repair causes? Yes!I have an older CRT TV. With HDTV coming on strong, I was considering scraping the old TV in favor of an LCD/Plasma flat screen. After reading the book, I isolated my problem to several capacitors in the power supply. The repair was simple because the problem was easy to find.This book is not for everyone, but in this age of throw away electronics, it was refreshing for me to find and solve the problem. Call it luck or a quest for personal achievement, but this book helped me.
I have an HP vp6310. This projector mount was very inexpensive when compared to other universal mounts, and it is very sturdy and works as advertised.I would easily give it 4 or 5 stars, but the kit did not come with the appropriate size bolts for the HP vp6310. It DOES come with about ten different sizes bolts which is great, it just didn't have a small enough thread for the vp6310.
Very simple: Needs more action music. Instead, we get 3 tracks (2-4) that sounds WAAAAY to similar and a few pieces of suspense that weren't even written by Zimmer!I was horrified to learn that my favorite composer had not composed the music to track 8. Instead, it was one of the Media Ventures ""assistants"", Steve Jablonsky.That makes you wonder: Can these ""assistants"" write music that is better than the Zimmer man himself??...
I printed 960 sheets of full color and I was already running low and getting warnings from my OKI. affordable, but you get what you pay for.
For a projection set from a quality manufaturer such as Panasonic you would expect that the picture would be ultra sharp. Unfortunately it is not. It's really not a bad set but Panasonic just can not deliver a sharp picture in a 51 inch screen. The fact is you need a very very large room to really get the best use out of this set. If you sit too close to the screen the picture is just not going to look sharp.
Nice quick delivery. Not as nice as the original facory visors. Very dark, almost opaque color.
My husband gave me this camera for Christmas because he knew I really wanted a digital camera and I had expressed some interest in a camcorder as well...He figured this would do double-duty very well. I played with it all day Christmas day taking video and stills and was loving it. The video was awesome...very easy to use and of decent quality. Battery drained very quickly, but most do, so that wasn't a big deal. Close-up shots looked really good. The HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT came when I downloaded the still shots to my computer. They were of poor quality at best...colors not true and blurry even though all were taken at the highest resolution possible. I am returning the camera and exchanging it. I'm NOW told that most just don't have enough pixels to produce a good photo...Live and Learn! Good Luck...
For those like me looking for a widescreen version of this title (it was filmed in anamorphic 2.35:1), it's available on Amazon's Canadian website - for a decent price I might add.
Okay, I waited a while before I rented this because there were a couple of bad reviews. I was pleasantly surprised when the movie turned out to be good. Liked the plot and found that it was better then Phone booth from a few years back.
They cut out too many scenes to explain wtf was going on. they just cut and jump. Then, somehow bond becomes superman and breaks off a steel door handle. COME ON. The director was horrible, bad angles, etc.Casino Royale was amazing. This was just stuff blowing up with ZERO story.It got better later into the movie, that's the only reason why I give it 3 stars. I still like Daniel Craig as Bond - but I think the writer was horrible (the script is probably 20 pages long) and the director sucked - making the movie okay, at best.
I got this as a gift for Christmas, because I love spiders and Halloween. I had high hopes for this toy. I am disappointed that it does not work on any carpeted surfaces, and I have found that the spider reaction time is pretty slow. I find it to be poor engineering that the spider uses one size battery and the remote uses a different size battery. Still, it will amuse me for a while, and it occupies my cat here and there.
This is one of those records that is tough to rate on a scale of 1-5 stars. It's not as good a project as One of the Fortunate Few, Never Been Rocked Enough or Nothing Personal. So you can't give it four or five stars, but it's better than three stars which seems to be an journeyman perfomance.Perhaps the most valuable service Delbert provides to us (other than making some of the best music available) is showing how fine the line is between r&B; and country.Unfortunately as a result he only gets played when he shows up on IMUS in the Morning.Definately one to own-but make sure you have ""Fortunate Few"" and ""Never Been Rocked Enough"" too.
This is an excellent secondary text for an intermediate student of Arabic. I wouldn't try to teach myself grammar points out of this book, but it is a perfect reference guide for refreshing knowledge of the more subtle points of fusha grammar.Grammar points are explained in English with English terms. The Arabic grammatical terms are in parenthesis following the English. Thus this text will not help you understand 'irab like the Arabs do- for that you'll have to tackle something like the al-Jurumiyya. In lieu of something that hard core, Haywood and Nahmad have created a quick and relatively painless reference guide (far more user friendly, if more modern-focused, than Wright's Grammar).
Wouldnt use this as a primary docking station in the living room, but sounds great in the bathroom while I'm in the shower. Comes with ac adapter! My daughter loves it too.
I love Billie Letts' other novels and thought this would be a perfect read for recovery from surgery ... and it was. It's very light and sweet with a little bit of sass thrown in it. It is (unfortunately) unpredictable, but this time, I don't care. I needed something of Letts' writing style to keep me entertained. This book fits the bill.This book is about a murder case that has remained unsolved for almost 30 years. The young woman was also a mother of a 10-month old baby boy who suddenly disappeared. They gave Nicky Jack up for dead once they found his pj bottom at the bottom of the creek. Years later, Mark Albright comes back home to find out the truth about his parentage and got more than he bargained for in the very pregnant Ivy, whom he thought was his cousin.It is a sweet novel and one to endear readers all over. It is a perfect gift to give to someone who is in the hospital or for the long airplane ride.9/20/09
While this movie does answer several questions that come from the original Alien movies it raises more questions than it answers. It also builds too slowly and it is a little longer than necessary. If you liked the Alien movies it is worth the watch, but it fails to deliver all the goods.
I bought this blanket in the Green Mist color and twin size, it fits the bed well and the color is just like in the picture. The blanket is very affordable and well made (though as someone else pointed out, the sides are unfinished. No unraveling threads to worry about though so I don't think this is a big deal) and has held up well to frequent washings. It gets softer and nicer each time it's washed. I bought this to use as a comforter on my bed for the hot summer nights in an un-airconditioned building and it's perfect, very light and cozy. A good deal! I'm actually going to buy a second one for my boyfriend. Also, I originally rated it as 3 stars before having washed it a bunch of times and having used it on the bed. I now give it 5 stars but don't know how to change the rating.
Other reviews have dealt with the obvious aspects of the book...an intelligent woman who is in the right places at the right times to have made an impact. What is a disaster is her personal/private life.At times, people have to make decisions between love, responsibility, honor, duty, reputation, and commitment. Jane's choices become emotional torture for everyone who touches her life. It is interesting how she justifies her choices and how they change the people around her.
This was one of the most satisfying escapist novels I've read in a long time. It got me through one day of a long road trip. Thank you, Mr. Rollins, and please keep writing.
This lid fits perfectly on a large mouth jar. At first I was glad to see the holes were smaller which is a benefit when sprouting smaller seeds... but...The problem is that the holes are too small and once it is screwed onto a jar, water does not pour out easily. I tried sprouting only 1 tablespoon of chia seeds with this lid. The chia seeds form a gelatin-like exterior while germinating which blocked the already small holes that prevented water from flowing out freely. I needed to shake the jar vigorously for several minutes to get the water to drain. Being that sprouting requires rinsing the seeds twice a day, this lid makes the process time consuming.
Come on. I'm sure you've read over and over that there isn't enough tubing with it. I'm also sure that Camco has read the same thing. They just need to add another foot or so and this product would be 5 stars. Since they don't it is a 3 star at best - only because to make it work you HAVE to buy more tubing and a connector so it will reach your container of antifreeze.The pump works great and saves a LOT of antifreeze. Just be sure to get more tubing and fittings.
Sure, this movie was o.k., but I ,myself, like the bad guy in most films. Peter Greene was the high interest in the movie for me. When ""STANELY"" had the mask, basically, it controlled him, but when ""DORIAN"" had the mask, he was in complete control. He got revenge on his boss and anyone else who crossed him, even though it was only for a short time. If there is a sequel, which I doubt, it should definately have him, or a character similar to him. But, Jim Carrey did do a good job, and he is one of my favorite actors, so I guess this movie was pretty good.
Understanding ""epic"" to be a story that celebrates heroic feats in a way that is not necessarily factual, it is a perfect descriptor for Australia. Bigger than life in some respects, much smaller in others, the story of the Stolen Generation is an important one and deserves better telling than it got here. Hugh Jackman was excellent while Nicole Kidman rarely came across as more than an actress with insufficient emotional investment in the role. Not a blow out but a movie that definitely did not live up to the hype.
This is an older movie, and that means a few things. It may come off as a little campy to younger viewers. There are no big special effects, no CGI, no elaborate sets. The acting and direction is typical of movies 40 years ago - not slick, and lacking in the intensity you would might find in a movie like Gladiator The Spartans looks surprsingly un-athletic in comparison to the buff actors you's find in Troy or Alexander. It's a little like watching a play that was filmed.All that said, it is what it is: an old movie about the battle of Thermopylae. And if you love watching any movie you can get your hands on about Ancient Greek history, you'll probably get a kick out of it. And I'm not aware of any other film adaptation of the battle, so it may be all there is out there.
Meh, This prequel was not as exciting or as memorable as the previous two but it was ok. Alice experiences the loss of her pet and the loss of a friend.
I haven't bought this book. But from the book title itself, i can assume its contents - somehow !. Seems to be a good book and it should be with every Java beginner. (Not in hands only - But in their minds too !). I wish the publisher all success in their future ventures..Thank you.
My Book Club chose this book and we all liked it. One of our group was an attorney for local Social Services and she had some interesting insights to share with us.The rest of us were shocked by some of the foster child situation descriptions. But we felt that we learned something about a subject very much outside our comfort zones. All of the characters are interesting and there's just enough mystery surrounding them to keep the reader's attention.
since i opted for the cheaper of all the bags i looked at, i should have expected it to be a bit weak, but i was still a bit shocked when after the first use the bottom of the bag was already ripped. i did like that it was spacious and easy to get the car seat in and out of though. (we have the graco infant seat and there was plenty of room for the seat plus a pack of diapers and wipes) the long strap was convenient to carry, but car seats in general are large and oddly shaped so it was kind of clunky to carry around. overall, if you are looking for a bag to use a lot, i would suggest checking out one of the more expensive ones, probably will get more bang for you buck
These are some of my favourite R.E.M. videos!I was saddened by the terrible production quality on the DVD, however. There is extreme artifacting and poor colour through out. I will put-off purchasing other videos until they re-master this series.
Before buying a Triton, make sure you research the correct MODEL. You should view and read the reviews on the Triton Pro Ultimate model (a bit more expensive than the Ultimate) here on Amazon, but it may answer more of your questions. I have a review on that page that may be helpful.....and one year later, I still think there are pros and cons. It is good for neighborhood cruising, and for exercising the dog on relatively flat surfaces. It is NOT for hills, super-fitness riding, or high speed work-outs. A definite ""con"" is the poor quality of the rear tires, and even though I have repalced them with high quality tires from the local bike shop, there is an excessive wear pattern that (I believe)is due to poor bike design. I list more details in my other review under ""Triton Pro Ultimate.""
Battleship is a classic game I played as a child. We thought we would try the electronic version--but at around $80.00, I think I enjoyed the old fashioned game better. I also found it for about half that amount after this purchase.
This was a good book of childrens stories, not often told in other story books. There are no pictures, though.
my 6 year old wanted a telescope for christmas. I bought this on sale and initially my son was very disappointed with how small it is. It has turned out okay as he can manage it by himself. good for sightseeing in the day rather than for stargazing
I am a die-hard MacOmber fan, every one is a keeper here but... Moon over Water was not as good as Someday Soon or Sooner or Later. Wasn't as heart-warmingly sweet as either Promise Texas, Port Orchard or the Midnight Sons. I read it happily though, had to find out what happened to Jack.
This is one of those movies that has dopey elements (particularly the first 10 minutes), but the mid section is actually kind of fun. It's only when the giant man/mummy appears on screen that you groan and wish the creators had found a way to avoid the cheesy special effects. If you're in a silly mood and like horror-mysteries set in ancient tombs, check it out. But don't say i didn't warn you about the really silly looking giant.
When i bought the new installment of NBA Live for the PS2, i was expecting it to be a good game, but to my dissatifaction its' not what i expected. The camera angles aren't that great, the commentating blows and the gameplay is ok at best. Graphically the game is on point, however graphics alone cannot make a good game. My first basketball experience was NBA 2K following NBA 2K1 on DC, perhaps that's what im used to. In terms of a complete basketball game in my opinion NBA Live lacks it, i personally am waiting for the NBA2K2 to come for the PS2 next year--> thats what a basketball should be.
This compilation, released by MCA to capitalize on Loveless' catalog of material after she jumped ship to Epic with hubby Emory Gordy, Jr., misses the mark for a ""Greatest Hits"" package. Lots of her best vocal work is missing from her first two MCA CD's: ""Wicked Ways,"" ""Half Over You,"" and a pair of top-drawer Steve Earle-penned gems: ""Some Blue Moons Ago,"" and ""A Little Bit In Love"" were also excluded. (Strange, considering Earle was also an MCA artist at the time.) ""The Night's Too Long,"" which cracked the top 5, is left out. Her big hits are here, but Loveless' impeccable song choices makes it necessary to own all of her early MCA CD's to get a true feel for her scope as an interpretive artist and pioneer of the late 80's/early 90's New Traditionalist movement in Nashville.
While this was a really good, and fast, read, I thought the ending was a little weak. Everything was tied up in neat little bows and that isn't realistic. The husband's contradictions were too far apart in places to be believable. Also, the wife appeared to be devoid of any responsbility for the situation she and her husband wound up in.
I bought this monitor primarily because of the price, which certainly is good. However, as others have noted, the speakers are terrible. The speakers in my laptop are much better. When set to 100% volume they're still low and very tinny. Very disappointing. Another problem I have with it is the stand. It's kind of light weight for a monitor this big. Whenever there is any movement of the table it sits on the monitor shakes noticeably. I think they should have dropped the speakers and beefed up the stand.
Somewhat enlightening, but I was confused by the rapid transitions from the real world to her imaginary world of Yr. It was also sort of boring, but I liked the way it gave her thoughts as well as the thoughts of her psychiatrist.
As with all CD singles, get this one if you happen to be a Pearl Jam fanatic, looking for more stuff by the band. The first two tracks (ALIVE, ONCE) are taken from TEN. But it's Track 3, WASH, that is worth the purchase here. It's melodic, haunting and reminds one of other great PJ songs of this type like OCEANS, RELEASE and INDIFFERENCE. The lyrics flourish and Vedder's voice carries the mood of the song perfectly.
Triple Witch is okay for a cozy mystery. It has the elements of a cozy mystery but I was bored at times. This is the first Sarah Graves mystery I have read so regular followers might attribute my not catching her writing style. I may try another to see if being bored was just the state of my mind (at the time) or if the story (having read so many mysteries over time) was really that predictable.
I am a big fan of Anne Rice, have read all her books, blah blah blah. The bottom line is Anne Rice is ending her Chronicles with this? At least that's what I heard. I tolerated the disorganization and rambling about the Pope etc. because I was hoping for a great story. It never happens. The resolution is too rapid and clean. The characters, like others have pointed out, aren't consistent with previous books, even Lestat. I still love Anne Rice, would recommend this to fans, and would read anything she wrote.
OK, I love Dhamon, Ragh, and everyone in the book, but i was suprised at the ending and the way each character was ""resolved,"" if you can call it that. And the biggedt question on my mind is ""What happened to Feril???!!"" She was Dhamon's love and she just disappeared. There was specultion in Downfall but nothing was ever concrete. I hope, pray, and beg Jean Rabe to give us something that can answer some of my questions and a new book with just a little more of the story.
It worked like a charm the first few times. But be careful, if you put too much water in, even just a tad too much, it will overflow and the eggs will become undercooked.It's very hot and you could burn your skin if you reach over the steam hole. I learned the hard way. :-(When used correctly, the eggs turn out great! Perfectly cooked!The nonstick part does start to smell a little burned after use. The chirping is more like a beeping.I don't have any other egg cookers to compare it to, but this works great for fast, no-fail (when used properly) hard boiled eggs for my family! I like the puncture pin it includes to help the eggs from not getting the green or black ring around the yolk. I would recommend it with reservations.
This is the 5th in a series of various artists albums that Telarc released in the mid-80s.As usual, the selections are diverse and the performers skilled. In this collection we hear everything from requiems to electronic Beethoven to a sea shanty and showtunes-- all in the space of an hour. This interesting and eclectic mix is unfortunately followed up by eight minutes of explosions, cannons and gunfire. This is the supposed ""plus"" that Telarc advertised in the disc's name, ""Sampler Five Plus.""Tracks 21 thru 38 (the ordinance offerings) come with a warning that playing these recordings could potentially damage your stereo's speakers; the user is also advised not to wear headphones for them -- two more reasons to wonder why they've been included at all. My advice is listen to the excellent music on Telarc Sampler, Vol. 5, and skip the fireworks altogether.
Ya know, I have seen both the PG-13 and R rated versions of this film, and I honestly could not tell the difference. Will somebody PLEASE tell me exactly how the two versions differ from each other! But anyway, the computer generated graphics were excellent, the soundtrack was dynamic, and the story was well written. However, Clown seemed like a pretty pointless and vulgar character to me.
When this first came out it was an awesome source of information about the world of Norath. But with all the patches over the past two and a half years, coupled with the release of SoL Expansion this book is severely outdated. Your best bet is to go on Alakhazam.com, Castersrelmn.com, check out the links from those sites and then get the SoL Guidebook for all the info you need.Nevlow EvrhighDruid of TunareVasaelle ServerHate me But Fear me!!
Next to the Errol Flynn version, this is probably the best one I've seen. The acting is uniformly terrific and the dialogue is smartly written, even a bit dense for children. However I can only imagine the picture looks great because...the DVD quality stinks! For a major studio release, this is one of the worst-looking transfers I've ever seen. It looks like a 2nd generation VHS recording, the colours are faded and the picture clarity is muted at best. To top it off, there are NO chapters! If you stop halfway through, as I did, you have to fast forward from the beginning to get to the spot you left off at. Disney should be ashamed!
An easy read. The style of writing is helpful. While the focus is clearly corporate some of the concepts can be applied in other environments.
It's nice to have something beside the standard issue plastic snap-in holder, but this leather case needs a little better fitting done. Everything seems just a little off and I find I have to slide the cover to one side or the other to get my bb to turn off. So that tells me the magnet doesn't quite match up correctly. If I press too hard on the cover when I close it, it will launch the phone. I've learned to deal with these little annoyances because I haven't found anything better. But Krusell needs to do a little tune up on their next batch.
When I first heard about this book and its premise, I was quite eager to read it. Unfortunately, the book disappointed me.The premise is quite interesting and the book contains many good ideas. However, the book is marred by the Taleb's ego. I found this really sapped my enthusiasm for reading further and extracting those good ideas.Also, his criticisms of other ideas are often wrong. For example he criticises economics for not being able to deal with differentiated products when it does.At the end of the day, I found this book difficult and frustrating to read. It had some good ideas that I have taken away, but I wonder whether it was really worth the effort.Lastly, I couldn't resist making a very pedantic quibble about the cover - black swans have read beaks with a white band across the front, not orange beaks with a black tip like white swans. It seems the cover designer and editors are victims of the black swan effect.
At times overwritten, at times underconceived, this novel often drifts along on the force of the emotion the author wants to convey but too often falls short of being actually emotionally engaging. Typical in First Novels of Great Ambition, Foer throws every trick he can think of into the stew-pot, including screenplay formats, dream chronicles, endless lists, and a loopy, Simpsonesque cast of characters you can't even begin to keep straight without a pad of paper nearby. Throw in an annoying, predictable, straight from TV plot ""twist"" at the end, and you have a book that, minus Foer's industry connections and the trendy WWII-based plot, would most likely have rotted in the slush pile.
We bought it new almost 4 years ago so I guess it has held up pretty well so far. The problem we hae is that the bolt keeps comming lose and you have to tightening it a certain way so it wont leak. ITs not too bad but certainly not as good as the price would lead you to beleive.
The book itself is interesting. But I feel I was duped by Amazon. I purchased a ""new"" book only to discover when it arrived it was yellowed and had a 25 cent sticker on the spine. I paid almost $10 for an edition that obviously was not new.
This album just takes you into a different landscape with each song. ""Remembrace""sounds majestic, ""Dust and Echoes"" is simply stunning. Alot of the music though is aranged alike, they start off slowly with a great crezendo at the end, sort of leaves you feeling like you know whats comimg. "" The End of the Beginning"" CD I think is their best stuff.
IF YOU WANT TO LOOK AT PICTURES WITH LITTLE USEFUL INFO THIS IS YOURE BOOK . MORE LIKE A PITCH BOOK FOR THE BREED .
This book is primarily for folks who are thinking of buying, building, or having built a trawler and to take it on long cruises. This is not a book for those who already own a trawler and are trying to find ways to improve them and preparing them for cruising.
I think that this game is decent I bought it for twenty dollars at target and I think that It should be about ten because of the controls i like rainbow six vegas because you can control with the analog stick and look around with the circle, triangle, etc. I believe that this game has a great story and great graphics. there really isn't a point to the game it is really just walking on a path and people popping up and you shooting them it is very boring
It was kind of hard to understand in the middle and end but all around a good read good for middle schoolers
somehow this gadget fails to perform an actually useful function. i tried hard to find something i could only do with it, but failed. yes the 3 buttons look cool, but so what. i can assign a macro to keys on my mac keyboard for free...
If you are a Baptist, and a male - or if you are in any call system - you may resonate with this author's clearly articulated pain. If you are in an appointive system where people can't vote you out, well, it doesn't help much.I wish the author had gotten past the tremenous pain he suffered befor he wrote the book. It seems cathartic for the writer, but not practically helpful to the reader.
The only saving grace for this film was Tim Curry playing the perfect ringmaster of a sideshow. One of the sideshow freaks is the wolf girl, who's really just a young woman covered with hair...she puts in fake fangs and claws and growls a lot for her act. Four ne'er-do-well heckel her and the rest of the sideshow during it's stay. Meanwhile, a young outcast pities the wolf-girl and gives her a serum his scientist mother made that may make her normal. As she continues to use the ""medicine,"" though, we find that it has a reverse effect: the more human she appears, the more animal she becomes.That sounds interesting, but it could've been done better...maybe without using full frontal (doctored?) male nudity? Plus, I like my werewolf movies to have werewolves. The cover is VERY misleading, there is no large beast in this film. The only beasts are the heckling teenagers.
The book is very confusing. While the OMG bozos have done their best to make the CORBA as confusing as possible, the author doesn't even try to make it a bit more clear. All examples are given ""as is"" with the API explained in a ""by the way"" manner. The examples are VisiBroker oriented, yet the author doesn't even try to cover other ORBs and to give any hints on portable CORBA programming. I found the information flow very hectic and boring to read and the figures quite confusing (looks like more effort was spend on all those borders and shades).Finally, some examples are not indented (sic!), making them look like the winners from the Obfuscated C Contest.Conclusion: if you are considering purchasing this book - don't. Instead got for something from more reputable publishing houses (Prentice Hall or AW maybe).
Though I believe in Universal Redemption I think that Martin Zender's book was way too light on the subject and he didn't really explain himself well. If I hadn't already read more academic works by quality authors I don't think this book would have convinced me one bit. Don't waste your money here. Get a quality book by a quality author. Perhaps ""Christ Triumphet"" or ""Every knee shall bow"" by Thomas Allen or the many other works by much better authors.
I bought this game hoping that it would be something like Gauntlet Dark Legacy, my favorite PS2 game. I was very disappointed.Pros: Better graphics and more special attacks.Cons: Where to start? The game isn't even fun. It isn't related to Gauntlet except in name and some background music. A small fraction of the rooms, no real information on the characters, just redundant fighting (kind of like the original Bards Tale). The special attacks aren't even useful because you get attacked by large groups in every direction. The graphics don't even stand out but instead all blend in with each other. What was Midway thinking when they designed this game?
Worked very well for almost two years. At that point, pump stopped functioning completely. I did expect more for my investment.
I love the Rich Dad books because they're motivational as well as interesting, but there has to be a word or two of caution.Concerning incorporating properties...this seems rather specious. You don't have to go to the trouble of incorporating each property to keep the fear of having personal assets taken through a liability claim; that's why you carry insurance, and a lot. A big policy is more than sufficient, and most courts will not allow lawsuits from taking your primary home.Time being money, it's much faster and easier to sign a policy than to do the tedious and never-ending paperwork to incorporate a property. There may be rare circumstances when you would (a real estate lawyer is worth the consultation) but for 99.9999999% of the people in the world, No.
The original version of the book was written in 1990 and despite the updated title and the notation 4th edition, there is much in this book that hasn't been updated. The UML aspect of the book is very weak and Java is given only a cursory treatment.The (obviously) older material is well presented and well referenced as chapter end notes but newer topics such as Extreme Programming (Beck), Refactoring (Fowler), etc. are absent from discussion completely.If you're looking for a good UML book try ""UML Distilled"" (Fowler) which provides a succint overview of the topic in considerably fewer pages. If you're looking for a book on Software Engineering there are several offerings which provide a solid, more current overview. This book attempts to do both and ends up doing neither.
Received the book quickly and in good shape. I was disappointed that the actual runes did not come with the book, as indicated in the title. Please be more specific if the complete set will not be included.
I have worn the Reebok Princess Sneaker for years and years but now that they are no longer made of leather I think it is time for a change. My most recent pair were hot and uncomfortable. I won't buy them again.
I really thought that I would have the opportunity to put some of the pieces of the discovery of longitude together. Sobel's discription of Harrison left me even more confused. No new history; no new technological discussion. Almost worthless.
For the first time I actually skipped over long sections of text in a S.King book, because it was so boring. Also, the fact that he weaves himself into the story is really irritating and doesn't help the story line at all. A real disappointment.
This is an Ok controller if you never need to duck. For some reason the down direction on the Dpad acts as if you tapped it when you're holding it down. This basically makes it useless for most side scrolling and top down games. The rest of the buttons work, but are pretty stiff. I wouldn't mind the stiffness if the dpad functioned correctly.
After reading the book I found myself to be skeptical of what Mr Land had written. His writing style was trite with a ""poor me"" tone about it. Attending a small liberal arts college, Hillsdale with a student population of 1000 about 70% of the students were at that time affiliated with the Greek system. Many were sons, nephews and grandsons of alumni affiliates. Our members were never met with the violence,degradation, lunacy and the like Mr Land describes........how long was he an active member? Not only do I not commend his writing style it seems apparent that he's written a very one sided piece of fiction set to further damage the Greek system. Don't waste your time on this drivel. And should you, remember to tell yourself that this man has one hell of an imagination stemmed from very obvious resentment.
The picture are on the frame was smaller than expected which is my own fault I suppose. The thing that bothered me the most however was the inability to easily transfer images on my computer to the frame. It's designed to take images off one of the memory cards you find on cameras but there was no way to move older images from the computer directly to the frame without extra hardware. I returned the unit and purchased a larger unit with the ability to transfer images directly from the computer for about the same price at a local H.H. Greg. The return process was exceptionally easy and quick. Much better than taking a unit back to the store.
This glass is advertised as a port glass, and I must say, that cannot be true. This is a very large glass! It is well made, but defeats the purpose I intended it for.Also, I guess it was dumb of me to assume that they were selling a set, but I did, since most of the other glasses listed are sold as sets. It is just one glass.I will be returning this item.
Even if there was no movie to set my standards, I would've found this book to be a let-down. My love for the movie is probably the only reason I finished the book, considering it took awhile for things to get moving. Anyway, I know most people who saw the movie first and then read the book didn't like it, but I wanted to give it a try! Booo - so sorely disappointed! The characters in the book are by far less developed and likable. I thought Andrea in the film was whiny and annoying but yikes, book Andrea makes her look great in comparison. I also found Miranda's evilness so two-dimensional - we didn't get to see more of her to understand why she's this unbearable, which would've made for a much more interesting villain instead of a flat, predictable one. And the (kind of) worst part is that the writing style is baffling - it felt amateurish and got wordy and repetitive a lot of times. :( I didn't have very high expectations but geez, they still weren't met!
I love the book up until they slept together and then the heroine turned in mush and the hero, I wanted to whack him in the head a few times. Yes I understand that he wanted to protect the heroine but then after the villain was capture he should have went right away to the heroine and grovel at her feet. I wanted to whack the hero a few more times after the heroine saved him the second time.What really saved the book in the end was the sweet little girl. She is so adorable. The little thing really made it worth finishing the book.Beginning deserves a 5 starHeroine 4 starsHero 1 star wasn't much of a hero the last half of the book:**:.'.**'Little girl 10 stars. :**:.'.**'
I had a WaterPik many years ago, and have really missed it. The Interplak just doesn't have enough power. I was able to use Level 7 from day 1. Since it doesn't have much power, I run out of water before making it around my whole mouth. It is better than nothing, but I wish it had more pressure so I would feel more refreshed. My suggestion is - keep looking for a WaterPik.
I haven't had the problem as others with the earbuds not fitting, however, I am not happy with sound quality that the earbuds provide. They isolate sound well, but the range of sound that these provide isn't really satisfying. I think it's a little tinny, however I think most users won't be that dissapointed.
I am 5'4"" and this bag was away too big for me. It's about 1 1/2 x 2 1/2 before pull the strings on top. The straps are too rough on the bare skin when I wear a sleeveless shirt. If you like a big bag and wear a jacket all the time, you may like it. Sewn well and durable fabric. The silver color looks quite the same as the picture on line.
i have played almost all the harvest moon games and this one is not that fun the graphics could be better and its just an overall boring game
This candle is a light purple; a lavendar. None of the photographed candles are this color. I was expecting the blue and was greatly disappointed.
I've read all of the Resident novels by S.D. Perry and I think they are more funny then horrifying. The silly lines Perry has her characters reciting had me rolling on the floor in mock hummor. I don't think Perry is a good writer and I don't think she will go far as a matter of fact I'm dissapointed in Capcom for allowing Perry to have the privliage of writting a Resident Evil novel.
Very difficult book to read and I couldn't finish it. Extremely intelligent and Godly man, but above me. I didn'tlike the question and answer format.
This study guide is useless. Just use the notes that you should be taking in class. This book is only good if your teacher has a hard to understand accent and the book is confusing to you.
This is a studious tribute to the classic Prog Rock sound of Genesis, Yes, and ELP of course. But what this CD lacks is the magic that made these older bands shine.Yes and Genesis did what they did and the public called it Progressive. They were simply being progressive (lowercase p). SMPTe sounds like these bands. They set out to make Prog Rock. But it is not progressive. They lack the visionary and charismatic leadership that Peter Gabriel, Jon Anderson, and Fish brought to their bands. The singer (Neal Morse) has a nice voice. His voice and compositions remind me of the great power pop of Jellyfish (""The King is Half-Undressed). No magic, just exceptional musicianship.I do enjoy listening to this CD. It does not suck but it's not much more than what's on the surface.
I did not care too much for ELH latest, ""Abide with Me."" In fact, I did not even care for the title of the book. The characters were too predictable and very simple. It was, in essence, too much of a fantasy world Everybody is, as in all the other novels, upper class and well to do. News flash: the majority of people are not like that. Also, there's an element of prejudice with facial features of the main characters: Green or Grey eyes, and ""good hair?"" All in all, the novel is more like a book soap opera. Personally, I think ELH has taken tips from junk writer Jackie Collins to sell books to black audience. Oh, by the way, there is no way ELH could ever write like James Baldwin.
It seems I am in the minority here, but I don't like this video and there are a number of reasons why. The set is dark and uninspiring. There is A LOT of wasted time here. I don't like the voice-over cuing. The thigh and glute segments are effective, but the video is so off-putting I can't bring myself to do them. I felt the arm section was a complete waste of time. Didn't care for the abs either. I tried Pilates Plus and found it to be EVEN WORSE than this one. I don't think either are a good use of time. I would MUCH rather do Squeeze Stronger or Pure Barre for this type of workout. I would NOT recommend this product.
we were excited to get this and our baby really liked it but less than 4 months after using it the branches have stopped moving and it makes a loud clicking noise. noticed another reviewer had the same problem. Very cute design but something doesn't work well when put together.
It delivers an ok sound.I was expecting a fair amount on noise cancellation unfortunately this headphone does not possess the capability. overall great for listening to certain genres.
It is a poor reflection in Brother to sell a product that will stop working with 20% of the ink in the cartridge. Of course they make there money in ink but this is cheating. There website is give a pathetic explanation as to why they need to do shut down the printer with low ink. Also rather flimsy construction.
I'm an author and an acolyte for e-books. This is the most poorly converted text I've ever read on a Kindle. ""They'll"" is often rendered as ""They 11"", ""It's"" as ""It ¿5"". Paragraph breaks are missing, words are mis-transliterated (""oi"" for ""of"" ""sevens-five"" for seventy-five, ""lite"" for ""life."" Sentences end in the middle and pick up who knows how many words, paragraphs, or pages later? Comically, the book's title is randomly inserted into at least two sentences: ""But he could not see how even the coldest calculation could help american pastoral him here."" ""In the few american pastoral moments I spent with him in my life, I felt better about myself..."" I'm pretty sure that's not how Roth wrote it.And this is not isolated. There are examples on almost every page. Great book. Do NOT get the Kindle edition.
I was so looking forward to this CD,it is very scratchy,singer does not sound like Sunny Ozunavery disappointed in qualitySonny,i remember the dances in Chicago,this does not sound like you
I thought this CD would have some Omani traditional music blended in symphonic music, it was not. Neither ""impressions"" of Oman were in this CD nor middleeastern music for that matter. So do not be decieved by the titile, this is a UK orchestra with no Omani or arabic tone to it.
I had the Ionic pro on all day for 4 days in a small bedroom. There was nothing on the blades, they were squeaky clean and the dust was still all over the room : ( I am however very impressed with Amazon's return service. I just printed out a "" No postage necessary"" page, cut it out and mailed it back at no cost for a return : )
Notice how childish the reviews that rate it ""10"" are? Gushings of ""the BEST book ever!"", inability to see a relationship between realism and Science Fiction, the joy at finding finally something ""plain"" and ""simple"" to read? If Star Trek novels are waaay too intellectual for you, Ender's Game may be the literary Barney you can finally grasp. A nice, heart-warming story with no scary new ideas to struggle over. However, adults will want actual content in their reading material
This game seems to me as if it'd be a good game, however, it's buggy in the extreme in multiplayer.The solo play adventure is pretty good about stability, but the multiplayer is NOT up to Sierra's usual standards of excelence.First off, the main multiplayer chat interface itself is buggy, often returning games that have nothing but 0's for stats, like ping, players, up time, et cetera.The chat menu's lobby list tends to pop up over other nessessary things at times.It crashed a few times while trying to make a new character.And consistantly crashes whenever I try to log onto a multiplayer game, sometimes after just giving me a split-second game view, sometimes not even letting me get that far.
Lucy Cousins has a great idea with ""Maisy Goes Swimming"" but did 'undies' have to be included? But as gross as the book was, the illusrations were quite good, so I gave it another star. Let's just hope that the subject of undergarments are not mentioned in future books. Thank you.
Disturbing Behavior is pretty much awful. The plot has promise, but is brought down by downright horrible acting (most notably from Katie Holmes, who provides nothing more than something to look at in this film), and pitiful dialogue.The one saving grace of the movie is Nick Stahl who plays Gavin. He portrays two different roles very well, switching from one to the other halfway through the film. Other than his performance, everything else about Disturbing Behavior is laughable. Need I even mention the ending, which is so dull it makes Al Gore seem like Jim Carrey. This film might please teenagers eager to catch a flick about other teenagers, and maybe catch a glimpse of partial nudity.But I would not recommend this film to anybody else.
The pot was to heavy and I like the glass better. I passed it on too my grandson and he loves it.
Unlike the previous reviewer I felt that these delivered very little clamping pressure. I own several of the larger Irwin clamps and compared to them this is one very disappointing clamp. I'll keep the two I've got for special situations where a little clamping will do, but certainly will not buy any more.
I smiled occasionally, but was rather disappointed. I found the title misleading as it didn't seem to have much to do with cats.
Though I can't deny the talent of these guys,it's not my cup of tea.They really should have found someone other than Geddy to sing or simply not had any vocals at all.I can't get past the Alvin and the Chipmunks tonality and pitch of the vocal tracks.Very white bread and soulless,but technically proficient music.
This stuff doesn't work for me. I think mine says 24 hour protection, but it doesn't last even a few hours. Also, I found that if I get dressed right after I put it on it leaves wet marks that show through my shirt. It makes it look like I have sweaty pits. So now I have to wait a little while before I finish getting dressed, wipe my armpits with some tissue, and then put a shirt on. I don't want to throw the whole thing out as it was over 4 bucks, but this stuff just does not work. It smells nice, but that's about it. I will never buy it again.
Save your money - you'll need it to invest through these folks. Your ROI will be better served by visiting the IFA web site if you're interested in this advisor - what's in the book is pretty much the same information, just not the high gloss stuff. Index funds are a great thing - and though the DFA funds which make up the IFA portfolios are stellar performers - you're going to need some serious $$$$ to get in. If you want to learn about index funds for the average individual investor, look elsewhere for information which you can use.
This book is filled with uninteresting characters. The main character is a loser who and the reader has a hard time feeling for him. The dialogue is weak and the book is very shallow. It reminds me of a made for cable movie - not even good enough to be a broadcast. The ending is utterly disappointing because you know the main character is already such a dork. The book does read fast but is disappointing the entire way leaving you unsatisfied.
I've enjoyed previous books by Jane Heller, but this one was a stinker. Mel, the main character, is a mean-spirited workaholic. Her magic change of character at the end of the book just wasn't believable. I disliked her through the book, and didn't like her better at the end. Why did Ethan like her, anyway? The only thing she seemed to have going for her was good hair and big boobs. Her personality was rotten.There was also a petty attitude regarding women paying alimony. Why shouldn't they? I was left wondering if Jane Heller got stuck with a nasty divorce settlement.I won't be rushing out to buy any new books from this author. Try the library for this one.
boring..drums suck...too fake...AL said this was going to be a ""punk rock record"" well buddy punk doesnt involve synthetic sounds...sorry...this album is a very big let down...get over yourself..wheres the music at? theres no love in this record. boring dumb stupid pointless waste..Skinny Puppys record was 100 times better. see you all on the other side.
I'm afraid I have to disagree with the majority of the other reviews. I had high hopes upon reading the first several chapters, but was disappointed with the final outcome. The characters turned out a bit pathetic and ridiculous with the exception of Melony.Too many stereotypical, over dramatized situations were used to address the abortion issue leaving the political points to be unconvincing either way. Including ignorant immigrants, shallow snobbish wealthy people, and a eccentric prostitute, none of which, touched on the ""everyday"" women and men who deal with this issue. Candy who was, perhaps, supposed to represent the ""average"" young woman in trouble, began as independent and forward thinking but, ended up annoying and indecisive.The characters were initially unusual and colorful, but without development, did not hold my interest. Cider House Rules was a story with potential, but fizzled out half way through.
The 28th Century Masters - 98 Degrees contains five videos: Invisible Man (the original black and white version), Because of You, The Hardest Thing, I Do (Cherish You), and Give Me Just One Night (Una Noche).Overall, if you are a big 98 Degrees fan and the above videos are the only ones you like, then get it. Otherwise, I would get 98 Degrees- The Collection. It's a lot better because it comes with their story as well as ALL of their videos (including the Spanish version of Give Me Just One Night).
Sebesky should have made a straight ahead big band record. Unfortunately, he indulges in the same syrupy string arrangements that marred so many CTI releases. The remainder is mediocre funk.I'm happy CTI is re-releasing much of their catalog, but this is too much fluff. There's some obligatory Coltrane-style blowing, but these musicians are better heard elsewhere.
I attended the exam for the first time this afternoon and passed. Before the exam was started I was pretty confident about myself cause I almost got all questions answered correctly in this Readiness Review, but what I found out was that the real exam questions are so different! Of the 55 questions, I'm not sure about my answers for almost 40% of them, ..... and at last I only passed with a slight margin. If it were not for a little bit of luck and my previous background on ODBC and TCP/IP, I'm sure I would have failed. So go get another better book instead of this one to get you prepare for the IIS4 exam.
What a bitter disappointment! Many of the previous reviews of the European release of this disk stressed Green's songwriting and sugary vocals, but what made SP for me was the incredibly syncopated, interweaving, and just plain PERCOLATING synth and bass lines. That's not here on this disk, anywhere! I see that David Gamson is listed as a producer, but not a musician save for an occasional bass line. While this disk has other strengths, the profusion of beat loops, strummed guitars, and blah pads make this disk sound like everyone else. Finally, Green's voice just is not a good mix with in-yo-face rap; what's next, an Art Garfunkle/Limp Bizkit collaboration?
This is nowhere as good as Islands in the Stream. The story is in the first 123 pages. Racist labelings apart, the prose is quite gripping up to that point. Then the protagonist Cap'n Harry Morgan gets forgotten and some drunk and not very interesting characters squabble in the bar and in the bedroom, who really have very little to do with the plot, except to justify the title (these are the Have's). Harry Morgan is basically a good, hard-livin' guy who likes to drink and fish (like Hemingway), but it's as though the author ran out of steam with him. A deeper plot, with less time gaps and jumping about between characters might have made this a much better novel, but you'll find trademark H. understatement and great descriptions of the sea, especially of a marlin jumping out of the water.
I expected a number of different baby hats. All I got was the same pattern over and over, with the only difference being the ""decorations"" that had to be created and attached to the hat!
The book description says simplified for western kitchens, this is very true, too true in fact.I have made many recipes in this book yet they all seem to taste fairly bland and same. Everything seems like a different combination of onion, garlic, ginger, chilli, shrimp paste, coconut milk and a few spices. Throughout the book it also refers to ground galangal, lemongrass and tumeric but never says if its fresh or dried, just a tad of an oversight!!!It is a simple to follow book, but none of the recipes taste particularly authentic or anything like other indonesian cookbooks. However for an easy rijstaffel it would be good as many recipes can be made very quickly as most recipes have so many similar ingredients. I recommend 'the best of indonesian cooking' by Yasa Boga or culinaria south east asia for some great indonesian cooking, both may be a bit more involved but the results are so much better than this book has to offer.
I did not like the leash clipping in the front of the chest. Amazons return policy is very good and easy.
I am not overweight by much . . but I could stand to lose 10 lbs or so. I thought I'd try this after seeing it on the Dr. Oz Show. I measured my waist, hips and thighs before taking this product. It's been a month and haven't noticed much difference. Maybe taking it longer will produce the results I was looking for. I may reorder since it's so easy to use and see how I feel about this product then.
Seat covers fit nicely, G.F. likes them BUT,Dissappointed with seller - Tinkerbell seat covers were ordered as a christmas gift - seller sent items in a box with writing on the side saying ""tink seat covers"" in bold lettering. Gift recipient saw this when shipment arrived, spoiling gift.
After reading 100+ pages, my knowledge of MBA programs and MBA practices has not increased at all. This is a random collection of essays with little practical use. This is not a ""How-To"" book or a ""Cookbook"" by any means. This book is very light on practical advice, and I doubt that it would help anyone learn about MBAs. Although it was written by people who have MBAs, their writing has almost nothing to do with getting an MBA yourself.I was pretty disappointed with the quality of writing. There are better MBA books out there.
This is a personal musing written in a diary format. Very disappointing read. Lacks depth on every level. I would return it if I could.
I work at a place that uses AIX extensively. I was hoping to be able to learn as much as I could from this book to help with system administration duties in my company, but so far I've learned...ZIPPY! The book seems to assume that I've been administering UNIX since I started walking. If you are a beginner to UNIX do not get this book to learn. This being said, can anyone recommend a book for a beginning Unix System Administrator? I've been in the Windows world for 10 years, so I am familiar with things like the OSI model, FDDI, file systems, FTP servers, you know, computer stuff. I just want to become a UNIX guru to be able to help. I don't need to have my hand held for every little computer concept.Felton
This product would have been one step up from the previous generation of Oster steamers if it weren't for one very major flaw.Good Points:-it's inexpensive-the electronic timer works really well (this was the new upgrade from previous models)-it's versatile especially for Asian cooking-it works really fastBad Points:- MOLD the steamer's water inlet, that also serves to help you measure how much water is in the steamer, is a great way to collect mold. Currently it is nearly impossible to dry this inlet completely without pushing a qtip or tissue through; and no, turning it upside down doesn't help since the inlet's curves are designed to keep water in. Cleaning this part is also near impossible for the same reason. This is just really stupid.Oster should spend more time testing their products. This should have been fixed before being released.
Very poor for the money.. one was great looking and the other was so cloudy that you could not even tell it was a diamond. I do love Amazon though, I shipped it back and they have the best return and refund time.
Sorry, I really wanted to like this pool but I didn't. The sides never really held up well. It was hard to fill and the sides started to sag and collapse on one side as the pool filled with water. I was never able to put as much water in it as I would have liked.Also, the bottom vinyl is very delicate. It was so easy to poke holes in that I never bothered trying to fix all the ones that happened the first time we used the pool and we never used it again. I had it on my concrete patio and put a blanket underneath the area where I set it up, still, at least 10 small holes were easily poked into the bottom in 1 hour of play.I ended up buying a rigid plastic pool from a local big box retailer that I would normally hate to step foot inside of...rhymes with Mall-Wart
This book starts out great and is a wonderful story for about 95% of the book. And then, it takes a dramatic turn that is both outrageous and nonsensical, not to mention totally inconsistent with the character we learn to love throughout the book. The end is a profound betrayal to the characters and the reader, that turns what could have been a beautiful story into a taudry tale of selfishness, betrayal and poor judgment. I don't get it. Kristen is usually so good at understanding how a character's actions affect the other characters in the book. Not this time. This story ends on a sickeningly sweet whitewashing of a heartrendingly stupid mistake. I ended the book hurt and deeply disappointed.
This was a great disappointment. After reading reviews of other Vornado models and complaints about the loud knocking that periodically comes from air entering the water tanks, I decided to discount these complaints. After all, this is a new model and it is advertised as ""bedroom quiet"". I figured that the manufacturer had solved the problem. Wrong! The humidifier fan is actually very quiet but loud knocking woke us up repeatedly during the night. I would give this humidifier the highest 5-star rating for its use as a humidifier. However, since we cannot use it at night in the bedroom, its use is limited. We try to keep it on during the day and turn it off at bedtime. This is, otherwise, a first class humidifier. Why can't Vornado solve this problem?
Avoid this movie, it is almost unwatchable. Save your money or better still send the money directly to the director who can then afford to purchase a tripod on which to place his camera and if there is any money over he could put it towards post synching the dialogue.The premise of the plot is quite good, however it really needs a charismatic lead actor and unfortunately this movie does not have one. A lost opportunity.
I live in Alaska, and this movie does not portray Alaska properly. Bears are not predatory towards humans, and the bear in this movie is a real work of fiction. I would hate people to see this and think that real bears act this way, because they never do. Bears do not hunt down humans, nor see them as a food source or enemy. By far the most dangerous thing in Alaska is the weather and remoteness, not the wildlife. If you can get past how ridiculous the bear is in the film, it is mildly entertaining.
this guitar hero controller is only compatible with guitar hero 1 game. I was unaware of this fact when I purchased the item, but was sent an adapter when I notified the seller. Be aware of this inconveniece.
I didn't realize this DVD is only clips a few minutes in duration from such a wide variety of episodes. Not really useful in a sense but more distracting and jumbled. Some clips are cute or funny but the whole episodes would be of more value in those cases.
Its ok for triming very small fine peach fuz under nose or areas around cheeks but anything slightyly longer like eye brows and it pulls and rips out your hair its painfull. And the whole reason i bought it was for my brows... but it rips out the hairs and its very unpleasent. may aswell keep waxing my brows cause the pain is about the same :/
Could be told in 15 minutes, but Jeff Kitchen repeats everything at least five times. Often not even in other words.
Although it says it is Peaceful Patchouli, the lack of patchouli scent leaves one less than peaceful. Also the product does not sud, of course this could be our water here, but there are bar soaps that are far better. If this was as good as their hand wash, which does have a stronger scent and it suds up better, this would be a more desireable product.
If you are looking for a story about motorcycles, by real motorcycle guys, or about the challenges of a motorcycle ride around the world---This isn't it! It IS a story about a couple of pampered British Socialists who are riding bikes around the world on somebody else's dime. They have an entourage seeing to their every need--they don't even have to pick up their own bikes if they fall off. You won't be hearing anything much about their bikes (BMW's) or the ride itself, or about the nature of the countryside through which they are riding. What you will hear about is their activities in the evenings and whenever they aren't riding their bikes. From that standpoint their story is mildly interesting but I'm put off by their whining and worrying when, if fact, the major burdens of their trip are carried by others. This book is a more a study of the world as seen through the eyes of Hollywood type actors who just happen to ride motorcycles---a motorcycle adventure it is not.
Although I love some sci-fi like Gattaca & 5th element - this movie seemed boring and dragged out in comparison. Classics like this & Blade Runner I just don't get - they might have been top notch back in time - but watching it today just doesn't cut it.
When Luther Vandross came out to sing with her, it was good; when Bryan Adams came out it was pretty good (despite his greasy long hair). Patti has a great voice; but she screams too much (almost like her one female guest Mariah (Pariah).
If you're looking for a new Jane Hamilton, Bobbie Ann Mason, or Dorothy Allison, this is NOT your author. Although, the premise is similar to the trailer trash topics of the aforementioned writers, this book is a depressing anthem of weather and geography vs. the human spirit. There are only so many times a character can be kicked when they are down until the reader wants them to stay down.
All my people from my street say:ehi,that's probably the best english group of the millennium.WHAT?Blue are just another band that have for members four pretty boys that sing.And write lirycs with ONE topic:the Love.In this Greatest Hits we can listen all these tracks.Yes,the featuring with Angie Stone and the legendary Stevie Wonder ""Signed Sealed Delivered"" is nice,ok,and maybe the old ""One Love"" is good for our ears,but ""A Chi Mi Dice"",with a text written by Tiziano Ferro,an italian singer,is not the best.No no.The hit ""Bubblin'"" is a kind of Puff Daddy R'n'B song...a kind,yall.Naa...maybe I don't like Blue,but I think that it's better that Curtain Falls.EXCUSE ME BUT I MIS MY PASS SO I'LL REWRITE EVERY REVIEW ;)
This system consists of several strings with plastic rings and some sidewalk chaulk. The theory is that while one person holds one end, another draws the lines with the chaulk inserted in the ring. It sortof works, but it is diffuclt to create nice clean lines. Plus, the chaulk wears off easily during heavy play.I think I will ultimately use this to measure and tape off the proper court lines and then make permanent lines with concrete paint.
Previously, I had been using the Mr. Coffee iced tea maker (tall white cylindrical model), and this one is definitely an upgrade. It works very similarly as the others on the market: 1 quart of water in the device well, 1 quart in the pitcher. There are settings for preferred strength, but I have noticed very little difference in taste and color between ""strong"" and ""medium."" Of course, the best way to regulate the strength of the tea is through the number of tea bags you use. The bad thing about this is the pitcher, which is slim by design. This creates for A LOT of tilt when pouring the tea. When you tilt to pour it comes out very quickly. Also, if you place it anywhere near the edge of a table, it will, given the nature of liquid, tilt over the edge and break all too easily. Whoever thought of this slim design should be out of the business. I have tried contacting HB for replacement parts, but have never heard anything back.
The magnets hold well but the aluminum slats are very flimsy and I dont think they will hold up too long. Its easy to bend the slats when you walk out the door if you are not careful, or if the wind is blowing hard enough they bend. Right now they bend back into place but not sure how much of this they will take before they are permentely bent. This is like the cheapest aluminum blind you can buy at Walmart or Home Depot only it has the magnet hangers packed in with it. Not worth the price...
I love Ricky Martin and ""Vuelve"" is THE album. Why couldn't he stick with what he's best in, Spanish, latin music? The good beats and the feeling he puts into the Spanish songs are completely missing on this CD. The only good song is ""Livin' la vida loca"". I really hope he's gonna go back to his roots again on the next CD, it would be a shame if he didn't.
I am one of the biggest ""Dan"" fans on the planet from way way back. There is a reason this material wasn't released. It sounds like what it is...demo tapes.Anything from Can't Buy a Thrill on is way better than any of these.If you are a hardcore, I mean really hardcore, Dan fan this probably is a must have. It doesn't warrant more than one or two listens and it's old hat.
I just got this book and have not begun to read it but the first thing I noticed was that the copywrite date is way off. The book I got was published in 1995, but the web site says 2002. A lot can change in 10 years. I am debating as to whether to return it and get a newer book.
If you really need something better, buy the cruzer 4 2838. It isn't sold in the USA but you can find it online. Twice the price of the 2865, but 10 times better. Check it!
I have a slightly different experience. This product worked perfectly on day one. Then we had a power outage and after that the speakers/monitor toggles correctly, but the keyboard and mouse do not. The whole system is behind a surge protector, but the outage seems to have fried the usb components?
2 1/2Despite more than a few moments delivering the warm, fuzzy goods, this disc of dueling desires simply remains a little too brief and filled with corny segments to live up to any standards the names would suggest.
I figured when I bought this product that it would be just a gloss of some sort, I was wrong. It contains peroxide and I didn't realize this until i had already torn the box open. What the heck lets do this! My hair is actually much softer than usual and there is a little more shine. Although its hard to tell if its really shine or my medium ashy blond hair with now golden highlights. Considering how unpredictable this product is on different hair types I don't recommend it. Hopefully in a few weeks I wont be able to see roots growing out. Buyer beware--get a shine serum instead.
Mine came with one speaker inside the unit that was not secured so I returned it as defective. I did not test the cd player or mounting, but the controls were poor. I was led to believe by another description on Amazon that there were radio presets (meaning a digital tuner). It is an analogue (knob) tuner and it was very hard to select the right station and the tuner brought in only strong stations. The tuning and volume knobs are hard to turn since they don't extend far enough to actually grab them.Please don't consider this a full review since I did not fully test the unit. But after 5 minutes it was clear I wanted a different player.
Me encuentro disconforme con articulo Pyle PLD53MUT debido a que con sólo un día de uso el control remoto se daño y no funciona y el radio tiene muchas funciones que solo con el control funcionan.Al control remoto le cambiamos la bateria y no dio resultado esperado, trate de conseguir un control nuevo a mediados de noviembre que estuve en Miami y Orlando pero nolo conseguí;lláme a los teléfonos de página de pyle y no hubo comunicación.Llevé el control donde un técnico en electrónica y considera que el problema es con la radio.Soy amante del buen sonido siempre he tenido una sola marca reconocida para todo el equipo. No tengo queja con PYLE por el sonido y el video ya que los considero de buena calidad y buen diseño
I'm giving this two stars only because these books really can teach children to read, which supposedly was their main purpose. I learned to read on them and hated Janet and Mark, particularly Janet. (My name is Janet, which didn't help.) If you need more reasons, check out this very telling review dated September 3, 1970 -- the day before my 6th birthday, which would be exactly the time I was being ""indoctrinated"" with these two kids and their Stepford wife of a mother. [...]
This is a nice addition to my puppy's crate - the softness, fit - but it doesn't have any cushiness in the bottom of the bed. The fabric is nice like the sides, but the cushiness of the sides needs to also be on the bottom. It is thin and rests on the hard plastic of the crate bottom. I put a folded blanket in with the bed to make it more comfy, but that makes the crate too small and uneven.. I also had some shrinkage when I washed and dried it. Some reviewers said they liked the padded edge, but my puppy can't rest his head there - he's then up against the wire of the crate sides. All that said, my puppy hasn't complained.
Bill Bryson is the quintessintial American writer and pretty much he touches, turns to Gold. But not on this book. I felt as if he spent more time providing a history of *individuals* responsible for the discovery of different things throughout history. Where they were born, what they ate, who they talked to, and what they worked on. Interesting to some, but not to me.What's worse, is that I really didn't learn anything about History! Probably becaue I didn't finish the book....
Although this disc has some good moments, I was hoping for more instrumental material. For me, the vocals ruin it! Maybe it's just my taste in vocalists. The band does get into some interesting grooves and rhythms, but there's hardly any inspired soloing from any of the members(with the possible exception of some of the sax work). I would go so far as to say that from what I've heard I might be willing to try another one-there is some good potential here. It just didn't do it for me overall.
The Fool on the Hill, Flying, Blue Jay Way, Your Mother Should Know and Baby You're a Rich Man. Not exactly ""classic song after classic song"". 2 stars.
complete with a visit to wm burroughs, paterniti spends alot of time trying to figure out how to make this into an interesting trip, but fails. some of the more interesting pieces are vignettes into the life and head of einstein which can be better appreciated in a biography. sadly, none of the ""characters"" he meets on the road are very interesting. his ties to his personal problems are also shallow and out of place. i can't even say i found the character of the doctor interesting. if you're looking for a road book, go to the best--on the road by jack kerouac. this book is a pretty good short story that grew too long.
Bought this vacuum 2 years ago. When i got it i loved it. Great suction power but then about a year in i notcied that the suction was not as good as it was when i first bought it. in two years i replaced 4 belts and filter twice. the hose was mangaled and non-fixable. now it won't even pick up the dirt. I took it apart to clean it and the dirt was everywhere inside but in the bag where it should be.. I did a lot of research on uprights and heard so many good reviews on this vacuum when i first bought it. I thought it would last longer then 2 years... boy was i wrong.
I believe in Pullman, not his publishers. Good Books. Great ideas. Should have had the courage to publish the British edition, not a dumbed down American edition.
This book starts out fairly promising, interesting characters, nice background, good detail. There's even a large siege battle about a third of the way into the book that is fairly well written. But then its almost like the writer got tired, perhaps a ghost writer or student took over? Your interest fades rather rapidly, but you continue on vainly hoping the spark will be re-ignited. For me, it never was.
Is a good product only problem is that the red color stains clothes so had to cover it with clear nail polish. Still works!
I had a similar experience to user IIB ""Kula"". In fact, I even took mine to Machu Picchu too.The UI is overambitious. It only needs one button in my opinion -- ""save my stuff."" Instead, they put a ""delete my card"" function in that has no confirmation, so I accidentally deleted a day worth of photos. I also had one card not copy for some unknown reason. Note I only ever used the unit while plugged into wall power, so it was not a battery problem. Finally, when I got home the unit had turned itself on and was frozen. I ended up disassembling it while it was running so I could unplug the battery, wondering if I was about to destroy two weeks worth of photos. It turned out OK, but was very nerve wracking.It's a good idea, and I want to like it but it has some fatal flaws. If you do end up using one of these, be sure to slide the ""read only"" lock on your cards before putting them in.
Despite support from big-name cameos such as Jackson Browne and Linda Ronstadt, this falls flat. Clearly well-trained voice is better as back-up vocals than a soloist: nice enough voice (occasionally piercing) but lacks the oomph of a star.
this product runs the slowest out of all of them. I tried to run it on my laptop but it would just lag to much. so then I decided to run it on my newest computer, just got it in 2006 and it is designed for gaming but it was still to slow. The software is to advanced for what you are really here for. It focuses on to many things other than making music. Although it is a little more advanced than the other ones but the beatz are kinda soft. They could have made it a little harder. But over all i recamend hip hop ejay 5. Probably the most advanced but simplest to use and good sound quality out of all of them.
ALL of these cartoons have been released on DVD in Disney Treasures sets, so no reason to get this.Orphan's Benefit (1934) - already on ""Mickey Mouse in B&W; volume 1""Farmyard Symphony (1938) - already on ""Silly Symphonies volume 1""Mickey's Grand Opera (1936) - already on ""Mickey Mouse in Color volume 1""How to Dance (1953) - already on ""The Complete Goofy""Donald's Dilemma (1947) - to be released on ""Chronological Donald volume 3"" on December 11, 2007.Music Land (1935) - already on ""Silly Symphonies volume 1""Woodland Café (1937) - already on ""Silly Symphonies volume 1""Pluto's Blue Note (1947) - already on ""The Complete Pluto volume 2""
The small transformers from the Robots in Disguise line has been an overall disappointment, and these two follow that trend.Transformation from robot to car is easy enough, but the over fun level is low. these robots are not nearly as 'cool' as the original line of transformers and re-using original G1 names for these toys is insulting.The plastic makes these pieces fairly durable to survive any trip to the bathtub or backyard.If you see these on clearance then pick them up, but they certainly aren't much better than the cheap toys you find at the dollar store. My recommendation would be to buy the bigger transformers.
The content of this book is easy to understand, however, too elementary. This book is not necessarily for an i-Mac beginner, but someone who has never owned a computer.
This item stopped working in 6 months. Thought it was a little pricey for the use I received from it. It was a great ideal for people that have joint issues, but needs to go back to the drawing board! I know 5 other people that had the same problem.
I certainly can't argue about its basic premise. Reminding yourself that you have a choice in how you feel is important. My concern is not with the book's premise. I'm concerned about managers who misuse this book as a panacea for their lack of leadership. It's one thing to work under difficult conditions, but it's another to have thoughtless and weak ""leaders"" who exacerbate the situation. I've seen it happen where these types of managers have the nerve to hold this type of book up in front of a group of people and imply the problem is the workforce for not choosing to be happy about poor leadership.If you're a manager, think about what this book is actually telling you.
I love spitfires. I love WWII books, esp I love reading about the Battle of Britain. I had no idea what this dvd was about, but had to have it. Turns out it's a dull documentary with a dull voice-over and some low-tech video footage of a few different modern day spits. Not much history and no footage from the war. There's a long section where some rich guy in florida shows off his late model spit and flies it around a bit, but that's it. It's amazing that the filmmakers could actually succeed in making such an exciting and dynamic aeroplane seem dull - but they did it!
The missle works nicely and the single shot in fine, but the multi-shot worked great for about ten minutes, then stopped for good. Returned it for another unit. The second lasted about two weeks and then had the same problem. I think its in the garbage now.
CIM is like a course more than a simulator. RouterSim 2.0 or Sybex e-trainer are better simulators than all CIMs combined. Save your money and buy Routersim or Sybex.For the Reviewer that rated 5 stars, Michael Woznicki, he does the same for all kind of stuff and books. I think amazon should stop paid people to post 5 star reviews for books they have not probably even read. Check his reviews for the McGraw Hills Technical Library (BCRAN, BCMSN, etc.)
I am not judging the quality of the video and audio transfer. They are fine. But the show is pretty horrible so far. I will say this: I have not watched all of it yet. Just most of the first season and I really have struggles to push myself to watch further. The story has so many bad nuances in it, that it makes me think what kind of a person wrote this. Was he delusional, does he know anything about life and society. At least half of all the decisions the main characters make do not make sense (that fact that they are lost and cut off the rest of the world does not justify them). Anyway, I can see that a lot of people like this show here and will probably disagree with me. But this is my honest opinion. If I decide to watch further and somehow the show will change my mind, I will follow up. The problem is I kind of have no interest to watch it anymore.
I had been told by several friends and family that this was a great product so I ordered it without hesitation. When it came it looked great and started right up so I thought I was set! Unfortunately the tank was not sealed and had to be returned. I give it 2 stars only as a warning to keep your packaging and prepare for a less desirable outcome. Even good reviews don't mean you won't end up with the DUD diamond in the rough! Best of luck!
This book is the weakest of the three. Characters are not well fleshed out, this book just wraps up loose ends so that the author can justify the ending. A word to the wise is be happy with COLD BLOOD and COLD SHOULDER. COLD HEART reads like a plot to a tv movie of the week ... one that I would not watch!
Just finished installing the actuator on a new Polaris 850. It just barely lifts the plow. It did struggle.So ... by using a longer strap that looped through a lower winch pulley and secured back to the plow framethe plow now lifts properly. Half the speed but twice the power.This shows poor engineering that the customer should not have to 'fix'. I recommend using a winch to do theplow lifting. I did so the prior 2 years but kept straightening the (safety)link and having to repair/replacethe link at least 3 times in any snow plowing session. A PIA it were!One method is a bit to much and the other is to little, Don't ya just love such?
The kettle should have last for a long time, especially for its price range.This should not be a cheap kettle, but it seems only the price says so.The spout broke after 6 months, without any extreme use. The usage was just for boiling water for coffee and tea for breakfast, nothing like using 3-or-more times a day.Another thing I noticed was the enamel inside and seemed to get corroded, exposing the steel.I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Dr. Weathers clearly has undergone a terrible tragedy; however the tone of this book is clearly one of hopeful self-flagellation--""maybe if I beat myself up enough about what a jerk I have been others will stop doing so themselves!"" Let's hope his wife doesn't let him forget. Not very well written, but it is faily entertaining.
A book with Catherine Parr on the cover using a few embellished facts, very little research and fanciful story telling make this a book only for the passive reader.
The only song I was interested in was ""I touch myself "".Seems this CD was more an experiment.You most likely would like only one tune as well.I feel someone should have played with Her Lyrics a bit more.The Band members sounded like Robots with no spirit or Soul.But I really Liked her voice just wished the rest of the tunes Bounced as well as "" I Touch My Self ""
i'd seen this at a Museum store, so thought we'd give it a try. Kids had fun putting together, but were sadly disappointed in the reception, basically there wasn't much. Wouldn't buy again.
Filmmaker Franco Zeffirelli (Endless Love) adds his own 'Flower Power' 60s style philosophy to the conversion story of St. Francis of Assisi. It's a shame that the film director didn't think the real story of this great saint's life was interesting enough to be told truthfully. (So it goes with Hollywood). If you do decide to see this film, we strongly recommend reading St. Francis' real-life biography so as not to be mislead! Caution: there are a couple of nudity scenes.St. Francis of Assisi is a true Prince and pillar of the Catholic Church. He was given the gift of the Stigmata and suffered Christ's wounds in his body for many years. (Not revealed in this movie). St. Francis had a very true and deep devotion to Our Lord present in the Blessed Sacrament. (Also not revealed). The truth is, his real-life story is beyond anything Hollywood would ever dare produce today!
Sirena Scholastic Signature, 1998,210 pages,, ISBN 0-590-38389-2Donna Jo NapoliImmortality, the chance to have no pain, no death and no physical pains what so ever. To live happily with you sisters, and swim in the sea forever. This is all Sirena has ever dreamed of. But this privilege has to be earned, as all good things in life. A mortal man must love her, even though she's a mermaid. When the day comes, will she sing that song that makes men go weak in the knees, or will she risk dieing, to have a relationship with the man who could be, the man of her dreams.The authors craft was happening minute by minute, and was always in Serena's perspective. When you combine these two techniques of writing, not much excitement can happen. But the original plot makes mythology lovers wishing there was more.
Having been excited initially with such an affordable price for this router, I later realized that the old saying is very much applicable in this case. The router is easy to set up and use. However, it barely broadcasts the signal (10-15 feet max) and the connection drops with enviable regularity (with Comcast modem-every 2-3 days I have to reset the modem and the router).
After a very lengthy time of waiting for this new arrival, I was very disapointed as to the lack of prophecy, and the excessive useless dialogue that took place in this book. Not much happened, and aside from reading the very last chapter, one could theoretically skip this book and start with the next one without having missed anything critical. I think that the authors are starting to sell out. Big disapointment.
I really wanted to love the monkey, but it really isn't made very well. I didn't have any problems with the monkey falling apart; it just doesn't work. It seemed to work well the first 2 times, but then the wand had to be right next to the monkey to pick up any signals. We changed the batteries in both the monkey and the wand twice. The boys still think it's fun to make the wand light up but they can't play ""hide and seek"" with it so it sits in the closet taking up space. It's disappointing.
When S.A.R. first came out in the 1920's, a review of the day said that Hemmingway's prose,""...put conventional English to shame."" Well, that was then, this is now. The more I read it the more I wanted it to end. Is it entirely possible that in the American myths about Papa's alcohol soaked hunting and fishing trips, we've elevated the work because we wanted to like it as we seem to like the man? Hemmigway is the perinneal 'Uncle That We All Wanted', but a much better and true account of the Lost Generation authors in Paris is A Moveable Feast, please read it before reading 'Sun...'.
This is a gravity fed blaster and it does not work very well. I used medium slag abrasive and it did not feed into the hose very well. If you're looking for a blast pot, this is not what you are looking for.On the upside, I like the blaster handle. I use it for a bunch of stuff, but i threw the rest away.
melodramanoun1. a dramatic form that does not observe the laws of cause and effect and that exaggerates emotion and emphasizes plot or action at the expense of characterization.Unfortunately, I use the term pejoratively.With a main character so relentlessly pathetic, meek and neurotic, I found my sympathy quickly transitioning to frustration and then boredom. What little psychological tension existed by the film's end was extinguished when subtlety was abandoned and the symbolism become grotesque, absurd and ultimately, silly.But then again, I did get to see Natalie Portman in a most satisfyingly intimate fashion, so, it wasn't all bad.
This is not what I expected or wanted. The book is written for business senarios with very few suggestions of a personal nature. The description of the book does not indicate that it is mainly for business use.
I was persuaded to read Scarlett by a friend who liked it. I saw Gone With The Wind when I was a child and the movie had just been released - thought it was wonderful; but on becoming an adult through these many years, I was tempted to put this book aside (in the trash).. getting use to Scarletts' immature personality is a chalenge. I'm 1/3 of the way into the book and I still might not finish it if she doesn't grow up soon.
The ball has a strong odor, and it isn't peppermint. It is kinda stinky. Our English Mastiff loves large balls to kick around our yard, and she loves the Jolly Balls, but they only last 2-3 days (we've gone thru 3 now) before they are chewed in half. Our Dutch warmblood doesn't like them and his sits in the corner of his stall. If they were studier, it would be better.
This video has nothing to do with the history of the chicken. Rather it is a collection of stories from chicken enthusiasts regarding their experiences. The narrative has poor structure, and half way through, you are left wondering just what are you planning to learn from this.Again, no actual history. Don't waste your time.
The gamepad is of exceptional quality and wireless range. I haven't had a single problem when I used a single device in my computer.I would easy give it 5 stars if there wasn't a very important downside:I bought a second one to play PES2011. About 85% of the time they work flawlessly. BUT in some cases in the middle of the game one of the receivers switches and starts receiving signal from the other gamepad. This is not a PES problem because it shows also in the windows control panel.In the Logitech support forums the problem was addressed as ""unresolvable"" because the device uses DirectInput versus X-Input... That was somewhat confusing and was accepted as an indication that they simply refuse to resolve the issue so the customers are moved to buy newer ""X-Input"" controllers.The fact that you're not really supposed to use two of these controllers at the same time seems like something they should have mentioned in their sales literature, but they did not.
What I had read about Judith Hill in her blurbs on her astrology readings led me to believe that she was some professional author and researcher. I get this book and it's a comb-bound book where all the illustrations (by Judith herself) are line drawings of people with the same face! The whole thing is shoddy and amateur and I don't find evidence to back up her credential claims. Astrology needs more professionals and fewer charlatans in our profession.
When William Shatner interprets a classic song, it's eternally his! Littered amid the spoken-word recitals in ""The Transformed Man"" are mind-blowing versions of ""Mr. Tambourine Man,"" ""It Was a Very Good Year"" and ""Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds."" If you're looking for unintentional laughter, you've come to the right place.
Since the main character of the story is different from anyone who has ever lived, the burden was on the writer(s) to make him a person we can relate to. But I couldn't relate to him because there was little development of even one strong, lifetime relationship. His relationship with his adoptive mother isn't explored in depth, and he leaves his wife after a couple of years of marriage. He hardly knows his father; his boss dies; he has a short term lover. Benjamin Button is a man who allowed his differentness to shape his life at the crucial time when he needed to face it (ie., when he had a wife and daughter). I only watched the full 2 1/2 hrs. so I could say I had seen the whole thing.
I was diappointed with this book, it is a gaint reference which directs you to the topic of main concern you are searching for.
I have this Samsung DLP rear projection after 3 or 4 years is having problems. First when plugged in now, the screen will show picture(which is good), but after 30s or 1min, the picture will turn into 2 dozen horizontal lines of garbled picture for 2 seconds, then the picture will change to green screen, then to blank(or black) screen) and the back to a good picture. Meanwhile the tv will not respond to the remote except for in a 1 second window(then the channel can be changed). I have another problem with another Samsung tv in the past. They like other manufactures are using bad parts and not talking responsibility for their Tvs. Samsung are not the only ones who have this problem. The reason my parents picked the tv because of their picture, which looks great, when it works.Samsung has a recall but not for this type of problem described above.Now I dont know which manufacture to trust. Sony has had similar problems and their picture is not as good. Who else is there?
Ok the content was OK to get a working knowledge of PL in a hurry. It was almost impossible to have to go to the web look up the author at the PHP site simply to download files you needed to complete the ""interactive exercises"". On top of that you had to then compile the database to be used. They took the shortcut that ruined the entire experience. By the time you find what you are looking for on the web, you have lost your train of thought. A lot of typos cost me a lot of time trying to figure out why I was not getting the same answer. I would really appreciate a refund on this one to be honest which I would never persue. A CD Would have made this book and excellent learning experience. I think the corporatation's decision to not include one ruined the author's attempt to write a good book.
The subject of this book caught my eye immediately. By the second chapter, I could tell the author had little experience. The diaglogue was trite and flat. The subject had so much potential that I very disappointed at the end. Why is it that this type of fascinating subject cannot be matched with an author with similar talent? I felt the same way about the Celestine Prophsey.
This is my least favorite of several MJ cookbooks I ordered at the same time. I noticed at least one recipe where an ingredient was missing. Also, be prepared for cheesy poems and such mixed in with recipes throughout the book. I've already given this book away 'cause it is no keeper.
This item was purchased for my baby girl off of our registry. We liked it initially, but after five months of use the sound machine started to malfunction. The two sounds we used most often, showers and ocean, now only play for a second after pressing the button even though the timer is set for 45 minutes. We tried changing the batteries, but it didn't help. Now, a month and a half later, the other two sounds are going out too. We were not using the sheep an excessive amount, usually only 45 minutes at night time. Occasionally she would stir after 45 minutes and we would restart it.The sound machine is now useless and the sleep sheep is just a expensive stuffed animal. We've moved on to using a free white noise generator on the internet for bed time if she needs a little extra help falling asleep. I wouldn't recommend this sound machine. It is overpriced for something that only lasts a few months.
I typically buy ceramic heat elements, but do enjoy the night view of my tanks that these bulbs provide. After trying these bulbs again, however, I will unfortunately have to switch back to ceramic, as these last a fraction of the time that ceramics do, especially if you are a user that will use the lamp 24 hours a day.My recommendation is to use ceramic bulbs for any heat needs.
I'm a HUGE Paul Carrack fan and have almost all of his solo albums as well as all of his group stuff (ACE, Squeeze, Mike and the Mechanics). While he has one of the best voices in the business and is an incredible songwriter, these covers just don't cut it for me. The arrangements are uninspired and he actually souonds bored singing them. I kept listening to this, hoping to hear someone I was missing in earlier plays, but nadda.
This book teaches you basic form of building power without gaining muscles and gives info about how to the basics, however it is expensive compared to the info like all Pavel books. Some positions are dangerous and nearly for weightlifters and must be applied very carefuly. If you have a problem with your spine never do these!!
This watch is fine unless/until you need to change the battery! Changing the battery is an easy process - RESETTING the watch is another thing altogether. After searching the web & Timex website (NO help) - we've given up. I guess that's what they want you to do so you'll just buy another watch - seems pretty wasteful to me. If anyone has a suggestion for how to successfully reset the watch, please post the info!! Yes, I see the word ""RES"" & yes the watch blinks but it does NOT reset.We're NOT replacing this with another Timex!
A group of friends selected this book for a monthly book club and only two could bear to finish it. We all agreed that the story was entirely too contrived and the text not especially well-written. The ending would have been more plausible if it had stopped at naming the female agent as the culprit. Her personal history made it more likely. By making it on the older agent, it appears as if at the last minute an editor decided it would too unpopular for the female to be the murderer, and the author just added on to the end. It would have been a better novel had it ended with the female.
If you are interested in this product, but the double one instead - essentially 2 bottle sets for the price of one.
Because the author's sons were burned in a playhouse fire, I was intrigued by her personal story and wanted to see how that would play out in this fictional account of a burn victim. I was disappointed by this book that I found confusing and difficult to understand. Since the story is told from an 8 year old burn victim's perspective, the storytelling is limited. I was longing for more detail that an 8 year old would not have the maturity or knowledge to explain. I almost wish Lee Merrill Byrd told the story from a mother's perspective. There certainly are disturbing images throughout the book that are difficult to stomach, most notably the way Riley's mother treats him. However, I found myself struggling to get through this book. With short chapters and big margins, it should have been a page turner, yet I finished the book with more questions than answers.
The great performances of these wonderful singers are NOT capture on this DVD. The sound quality if extremely poor, even by 1973 standards. The camera work is dreadful. It's actually painful to watch and listen to this DVD because you can't help imagining what was lost by the terrible production. Don't waste your money on this, or if you must have it, do as one reviewer advised and get the cheap Brazilian version on ebay.
I didn't like this movie. I know the story of 9/11 was a good one but i didnt think that this movie honored 9/11. i thought the acting was ok but the movie just focused on 2 guys and thats pretty much the whole movie. If i were you this movie is only to rent but not buy.
This nice machine has 32 settings, but the lowest setting of 1 isn't fine enough for an espresso grind. I can't even use it for my regular coffee, which I make using a cone-type filter. My coffee shop grinds my regular coffee on their espresso setting and it's just right for my filter coffee and my espresso machine, but this grinder produces too coarse a grind for this purpose.
I can't stand Missy Elliot. She always came off, to me, as more of a clown than a rap artist.The best thing she did for Nicole, was not ""rap"" on all of the songs.The three songs where she is present, would have been so much better, if she'd just let Nicole sing. I can't stand great R & B songs where a rapper, or a waanabe in this case, starts rapping halfway or throughout the song.I wanted to hear Nicole. If I had wanted a Missy Elliot album, I would have bought one.Over-all, I suggest you download the following songs from iTunes, and forget the rest.2. Seventeen9. Nervous11. Boy You Should Listen12. Eyes Better Not Wander14. Silly Love Song16. Borrowed Time17. Testing Our Love
Some bright spots, good general overview of world wide wine. Falls down on Major new areas, especially in California.
I do not know where to start.- fully armed civilians obeying a withdrawn para-military person??- A professor of history (an intellectual!!) who is mentally and physically capable of fighting like a well trained soldier??? His obsessive addiction for AK47 is another issue..- 16 - 17 year old teenagers armed and fighting like trained mercenaries?- many different weapons but no shortage of ammunition for each of them??- unlimited supplies of food, equipment, water, ammo and fuel???- alien robots with ""impact weapons"" firing Earth technology bullets??come on. is that the best you can do? even my eight year old son can create a plot better than that.to me, this series is a mixture of Lost and V but much worse than each of these.by the way, 2 stars is for very good acting of Will Patton and not for the series.
It is interesting, but not my choice of reading. It was one of my first books on my Kindle & I was just trying out how to get books.
I applaud the sentiment that Celine Dion is going for here,but on a whole the songs are still just kinda there&it's been a while since She has truly had material or even a Song that reminded of where She once was during Her Run.Her voice is still good but not quite where she was.
I purchased this item based on the highs review here, but I am disappointed and regret my choice because it does not deliver the stated performance levels reliably.This router is easily overloaded and struggles to deliver the full N speeds across the wireless network. This results in stuttering web video streams, poor file transfers which hang part way through, and a need to restart the unit every few days to restore performance. It's worth reading the dlink support forums to see what others say about this router -- it sounds like many users have the same issues with the dir-655 that I do.I'm switching back to my 6 year old 802.11g router, which had no issues at the same usage level.
The movie is about a woman, Amaryllis, whose dream is to become a professional ballet dancer, like her father was. But, she lives in a poor neighborhood in PR and once certain events take place (I won't give the movie away), she moves to the US to try to follow her dream. Instead, she ends up becoming a stripper and starts dating one of the customers of the strip club. She also meets a neighbor, who was a former university poetry professor, and who now is quite crazy. The movie was too disjointed and full of pointless characters (what is the purpose of the neighbor?!). The script was weak, the dialogue did not make sense and neither did the plot sequence. The plot did not present an opportunity for the characters to grow and somehow they did! This is one of those movies that an actor will regret having made.I like Roselyn Sanchez, and I know she is a better actress that what she showed in this movie. I hope she chooses the next movie better.
I purchased the Vanilla Shake on the recommendation and high ratings of the Amazon community, and I have to say I was let down for the first time. I did not enjoy the bland taste of this shake at all. I suppose if you like Slim Fast, this stuff is comparable but if you are looking for a tasty post workout RTD, stick with Labrada or Muscle Milk which are way way better tasting than this. It gets 2 stars for not upsetting my stomach.
How can anyone have such a sick mind as tu publish a book that is so awfully voyeuristic, so cheeply depressing? Why is the American public so thrilled to hear about horror, detress and above all - this is what one reads about by every other novel written by a female author these days - child abuse? Why are all these readers so impressed by a book so unsubtle that you just know there must be more complexity than this. The author has picked and searched the most awful details, brought the story to such a climax of sadness that I was left empty, with no feeling but embarrassment at having not put the book down before the end.
Parents,This video show simple addition and subtraction that your child might learn at the end of K5. The Songs are Addition Song and They Can not Take that Away From Me. Enjoy this video.
We use Gallup at my workplace. Gallup is an excellent organization and we're better for working with them. However, this was too much. It's not a book. It's a brochure. Their Engagement Index is brilliant, but you can skim the other 260 pages without missing anything important.
I had never seen this film in all of my years and always wanted too. Unfortunately, I have to agree with most everyone. It moves so slow. I kept thinking that it HAD to get better, but it just plodded along like an old tired horse. The Dodge City scene leaves you scratching your head. It did not match the rest of the film at all and wasn't even funny. Now, the photography is beautiful, the scenery is beautiful and the transfer is beautiful. I made myself watch it to the end, and even listened to some of the commentary. One very interesting moment of the film and commentary (SPOILER) is one of the very last scenes when the Indian chief shoots his son. This was filmed on November 22, 1963 at the very same time as the JFK assasination. This troubled Sal Mineo for years. Interesting trivia, and unfortunately, this is all I will remember about the film.
It seems difficult to buy a small inexpensive radio that gets good reception these days. I used to have a small Sony that lasted for years, but it's not available to buy anymore.I bought this model as its replacement and while the sound quality on FM is decent and clear, it is very hard to tune accurately. I live in a large city, yet I have to move the radio around to find a spot where the reception is acceptable. The tuning wheel is very sensitive which doesn't help the tuning ability.
Not since MONSTER'S BALL have I seen a movie that made we want to conduct a nuclear strike on the Deep South and then hang myself.Since I've been to the south, I wonder if anyting coming out of Hollywood (or Sundance) can be trusted. To filmmakers, the south isn't a region or a people or culture, but a genre that can only be pushed and mutated into exercises in human depravity and despair. I'm sure there are people who live horrible lives...but that's everywhere. And I really don't think another film about addictions, poor white trash, and rape is necessary. Just me.The acting is good. The film looks very professional. The writing...well...life really sucks east of Aspen and Hollywood.
What in the begining is set up to be a great book takes a steep nosedive around Pg. 20 and just continues the trend. Why beat the book up for the simple worldview of Republican=Good Democrate=Bad when there are so many other negative things to say about it?The book poses an interesting question about America finding a sense of itself in the 21st Century and then all pretense of plot are thrown away.if Card considers making a part two we need more Philosophical conversations and less killer robots.
John Patrick points out the obvious as his strategy for betting on a game, several times. He then tells you his real stategy for making money, which is a simple but flawed money management system, over and over and over. He annoyed me with stories of his ""friends"" with corny names like I.M. Stupid,I.M. Broke, and Lotta Cash on every page, but I got used to it by the middle of the book. I finished the book liking him and his colorful writing style, having known a more than a few characters like him, growing up here in Las Vegas. Breaking down his book it looks like this: useful handicapping advice 10% B+, Questionable money handling practices 30% D, stressing discipline in money 35% A, sometimes irritating but colorful stories as examples 25% B-, experience 100% B+.
I had just finished reading DRACULA (after seeing numerous films I thought it was time I read the book) and was hoping for another good Stoker read with LAIR OF THE WHITE WORM....was I disappointed! The characterizations were weak, insipid immitations of Jonathan Harker, Mina Murray Harker, Lucy Westenra and Dr. Van Helsing, not to mention Lady Arabella/The White Worm, who couldn't begin to compare to Count Dracula! There's a ridiculous subplot where Lilla (derived from Lucy) is needlessly sacrificed, as well as mongooses dying left and right, which was just plain silly!I'm planning to read JEWEL OF THE SEVEN STARS, hope I have better luck this time!
I got this kettle to complement my All-Clad stainless set but ended up returning because it did not whistle due to poor lid closure (as described by another reviewer). I was very disappointed by this product because all my other All-Clad pieces perform excellent.
Saw the movie first, and loved the movie. Book is very different, and a bit disappointing. Adds little depth to the story or characters, which is what I would have expected from the book, even if it is very different than the movie. I don't think I would have liked the book even if I never saw the movie. Too many characters and an empty ending, just the rambling thoughts of a dying woman. First time ever that I liked the movie more than the book. However, with Claire Dane, Hugh Dancy, Vanessa Redgrave, Mamie Mummer, Natasha Richardson, & Meryl Streep, it would be pretty hard to come out with a bad movie!
Bought these bibs for my husband based on Carhartt's reputation and ended up being extremely disappointed. Received the item in early December and by mid-March there was a complete tear in the waist-line stitching from the zip-fly to the right hand pocket. While I'm sure the added ventilation will be nice come summer time it does not fall in line with Carhartt's slogan ""Tough like the men who wear them"".Very disappointing.
I have seen Ms. Stoddard quoted and referenced in so many other works that I finally decided to read her directly. I rather wish I hadn't; Ms. Stoddard's ideas seem more profound and applicable in small bites, supporting more concrete ideas than all together. Although I didn't disagree with her ideas, it was definitely a ""dreaming"" kind of book rather than a ""doing"" kind of book. A nice read, but not what I was expecting.
Judging from some of the reviews on here, I must be the minority who didn't enjoy this book. I am very hesitant to write a review unless it is positive, but I was suprised that this one didn't live up to my expectations. I've been wanting to try Neil Gaiman for some time, so I picked this. I really really liked the first several chapters. The writer interested me in his characters, and the writing was top notch. After a while, I was completely lost and had no idea what was going on. I had a vague idea, but I no longer cared. I happened to buy the audiobook, which is probably the best reading I've ever heard, but I admit I fastforwarded all the way to the end after hitting the half-way point of the book and no longer being able to tolerate it. Not that this author is untalented, I just don't know what the point of this story is. I have enough faith that I'd recoomend to you, and to myself, trying another of his novels.
Just not a very good book. Poorly written. LT's arrogance really sticks out...he makes several ridiculous statements about his NFL career and his personal life. This makes it hard to feel any sort of compassion for him. It just makes him seem like an animal. A decent read, but don't expect anything much.
Apparently the new fad of the RIAA this week is DualDisc-only releases, such as Springsteen's Devil's and Dust and Rob Thomas's Something To Be. I personally have enjoyed releases that have included an extra DVD with some lil featurs or videos, maybe surround mixes of tracks or the entire album.But the Dual Disc is a double-sided disc with a DVD on one side and the CD on the other, which eliminates the label and also the DVD-side ends up really scratched if you use cd-wallets or booklets in your car or anywhere, as I personally do.Overall the album itself is decent, though not as solid an effort as Matchbox Twenty, though it has it's moments when he's not just sounding like a former boy-band member.
To me, it is surprising that anyone would bother to re-master this movie. Although the result is a print that looks quite first rate, the movie itself is thoroughly forgettable. It is a routine, low-key crime story with bland actors. Even the villains are non-descript. And it is marred with far too much ""comedy relief"", especially because the theory of comedy here is ""idiots are funny"". It does not even convey much sense of the time in which it was made. Except for the cars being driven, it might well be a 1950's TV production.It does have one claim to fame though: it re-unites the team of Louis J. Gasnier, George A. Hirliman, Lawrence Meade, and Sam Diege, who had pooled their mighty talents to create the immortal ""Reefer Madness"" in 1936! Unfortunately, no trace of the insanity that permeates that production is present in this one.
Ok, so the Thermos part of this is cool, and it looks cool. It's nice to be able to keep milk chilled for 5-6 hours.Other than that, this sippy isn't practical. Why, because it leaks and is difficult to clean. Yes, all sippy cups do leak to some degree, but this one is one of the worst that I've experienced (I own 6 different brands). Also, it has no lid or travel sealing disc. So there's no way you can put this in your diaper bag. It's only good around the house if you follow your child around.This is on the back of the shelf and only gets used when all the other cups are dirty. Don't waist your money. Get an Avent sippy cup instead, they work great.
I'm sorry, but this just doesn't sound so great to me. If you like grunge, try Pearl Jam or Nirvana -- they're so much more original and... convincing. Sometimes Nickleback sounds like they're trying way too hard (or not hard enough?). Seriously this is kid's stuff, man. Don't say I didn't warn you.
I'm afraid I also have trouble with this mill. I have had other salt mills that worked fine, but this one requires constant fiddling to avoid getting either huge grains or nothing.
I bought this about 10 months ago with an additional camera. The night vision only works on one of the cameras and the interference is horrible. It snaps and pops all night long and I have to move it all around to find ""just the right spot"".I actually have to sleep with earplugs in to drown out the noise. I live in a single story 2100 sq. foot house. I should have returned it right away, but I kept it because I had no other monitor at the time. Now, 10 months later, the volume control does not work anymore! I am now trying to find a new monitor. I love having the video monitor though, so I will look for a different brand.
The sentiment behind the book is from a good place, but the presentation is out-dated, extremely far from concise and needlessly long-winded. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING! Don't buy.
As soon as the book was opened it began to fall apart at the spine. Since I only paid a penny, guess I can't really complain.
Wow, this cd came out and the whole world (particularly the one dominated by mtv) raved about it. I sincerely hope this is not ""what rock has evolved into"". The entire cd is a pile of over-mainstreamized, whiney, mass-appeal crap.Whoever Staind hired for marketing sure did a good job though; I've heard people deem this as ""underground"" or ""metal"". No, folks, this is pure trl-trash. The entire cd sounds pretty much the same way, same themed songs, same feel throughout.I recommend this cd only to those following the mtv-created rock-trend. This is merely trend-rock that every teen and teeny-bopper can relate to,(""ooh poor me""). If you watch the ""It's Been Awhile"" video on trl every day, and like what you hear... go ahead and buy this. Otherwise invest in a REAL metal cd.
If this is a heavy-duty paper cutter, I'd hate to see what X-Acto thinks of as ""light duty."" This piece of junk can't even handle 10 pages without ripping. I suspect that the axle is weak. The flimsy plastic arm does a poor job of holding the blades square against each other, even when that flaw is taken into account. I feel accomplished that I am now able to achieve only 25% waste when using this product. Considering that color laser prints cost probably $.10/each, that's only 2.5 cents wasted per print! It adds up to buying something other than X-Acto.
"Desperation"" and ""The Tommyknockers"" as the worst and least inspired of his works.I guess King and his genre of writing wear thin once you've passed the age of 14 or so,because that is the last time his work gave me the goosebumps or made me think there was anything profound in his writing.He may be the bestselling writer on Earth,but it is certainly not on the merits of his literary prowess.He has become an institution and lifelong fans will buy anything he releases.I'm an old fan but the old King has become threadbare.
We use this storage shed to keep our garbage cans in. After 5 years I am loking for a new one. The squirrels and other little creatures have eaten away at the ""hinges"" and so the doors fall off if you lift the lid up. The doors are ""held on"" to the body of the piece by a small piece of plastic that goes into a hole about 1 inch deep on the door. There are no side hinges or anything holding the door on the bottom.We dont have a garage so we are forced to keep our garbage outside. If you are looking for something to do the same thing you might want to reconsider looking for something that will hold together better.
This is a story of a full-time executive who is also a mom, wife, and martyr. She is busy, rushed, and frantic all the time with a staunch refusal to delegate. That is the entire story, it never changes, and never evolves into any decent character portrayal. This book falls flat.
The font on this pocket bible is sooo small that I can't even read it. Really disappointing because it was a gift for my mom.
The author forgot to mention in the foreword that the world is composed only of Americans using Epson printers, I am afraid.Should I live in US, I would award the book the usual five stars, on the other hand. But - if you are not a US citizen and, worse yet, believe that there are other printer brands than Epson, you have been warned.
I read this book because it is set in Portland, OR, where I am living. It felt like a book that was intended to be sold for movie rights -- lots of excitement and gratuitous sex and violence, and in 90 minutes maybe one might not see the flaws.And the flaws were many: the judges stupidity and then lack of ethics as he turned detective (at the end I wondered why he didn't sentence himself to 2 years in prison!); the Political Correctness of the author which gives away the ending; a cartoonish cast of characters; an ending that had me hunting for the book recycling bin.
