This remote does everything I need it to do.It was easy to program and easy to customize to my personel likes.
I love this contraversial film, it was a real headline runner when it came out. The mixed message from Stone of dream, soap opera, media cirkus is probably more valid today then when it first came out.
The ... review for this CD is pretty accurate.Most of this CD sound is really soft and soothing, but some songs, like Tangled Web, are pretty heavy. As a gospel band, I'm pretty assured they won't turn out like Blink 182(begin good, turn awful). Although my screename may suggest I listen to all gospel, I don't. So don't think ""he probably listens to all gospel, poor guy, never heard the good stuff"". This is a good CD even for those of you who don't believe in Christ.These guys are very talented in every category except maybe creativity. They have very talented guitarists,and a singer who has a very gruff voice.Songs you should hear:""Tangled Web"", ""Six Stringed Rocketeers"", ""Hero"".
I was extremely pleased with the book when it arrived. It looks exactly like the book that I used to check out of the library when I was a little girl. It was one of my favorite books, so I read it all the time.
I only gave it four stars because of the presentation of the scenes. It was a little too scattered for my personal tastes. Progressing through the streets of New York, to the kitchens, elevators, on and off the stage, the show is interesting and the things that these people do with percussion is just amazing. Dropped my jaw from the get-go, and it nearly came off my head.Some of the scenes were unnecessary, I thought, and some weren't given the air-time I would have liked. Myself, I could have watched their entire stage-show and been entranced for as long as they went on.But it was a great buy, and I heartily recommend this to any and everyone who plays, has played instruments (real or air-based). Warning: This may leave you listening to random noises and trying to match the beat. It's pretty amazing.
The best album DCD released. For those of us ""old school"" people out here. This is where the legend began. Pure 4ad sound that ranks up there with ""And Also the Trees,"" ""The Swans,"" and/or ""The Cure"" but the sound is more lush, more moody and more inviting. My personal fave of all the DCD releases. Worthy of any collection, especially those of us who were there when the whole ""darkwave"" phenomenon began.
Wow. I had a chance to see this guy live, at Earthdance 2001, and his track selection there was even more diverse than this cd, although technically just as good.Variety is the spice of life....and RHV's definitely spicy! :)
The CD set is awesome. If you are a fan it is definetly a must-have. All songs are studio recorded, none of them comes from bootleg live presentation so audio quality is excelent. I really recomended.About the seller, excelent! Standard shipping delivered in few days, less than a week!
Unfortunately, the only way I can explain Janine Rostron's sound is if Kate Bush and Aphex Twin made an album in 1991, this kinda hints what it would sound like. Sweeping synth-made orchestral strings backed with a bouncing minimal beat help carry the off-the-wall vocals whose subject matter ranges from the leaving her native England for Berlin (""Bolton Wander"") to a lover's cannibalism (""Bite Ya"").PTR's live shows have generated much attention as Rostron dons an interest yet ridiculous persona wearing home-made helmets and an oversized PTR bling necklace, while the videos for the songs display a captivating obsession with symmetry.For further interest, check out there the ""All Stringed Up"" EP, which of course, presents string acoustics to 4 of the best tracks on the record.
FIRST OFF THIS ALBUM IS A CLASSIC. IT DISPLAYS ALL ELEMENTS OF HIP HOP AT IT'S GREATEST ERA. AT A TIME WHEN HIP HOP SUFFERED GREAT LOSS, THIS ALBUM SHINED. I'VE BEEN A FAN OF THEM SINCE 1993 WHEN I FIRST HEARD THEM. ANOTHER THING, THEY TAKE IT BAKE TO THE ORIGIN OF HIP HOP: JAMAICA! ALL HIP HOP HEADS KNOW THE FATHER OF HIP HOP CULTURE IS DJ KOOL HERC, A JAMAICAN NATIVE. THE BEST MEMBER OF THE GROUP MR. HANNA(LIGHT, Y-TEE) REPRESENTS ALL ""YARD MASSIVE"" TO THE FULLEST. ...
I'm torn between 5 stars and 4 stars for this book, but I tend to be a tough grader. This book is very humorous. A delightful read. Buy it for vacation. I also like ""A Walk in the Woods"" - also a travel type book and very funny.
This is by far the quintessential PPM concert. Even though this was recorded 26 years ago; it is still just as fresh and relevant as it was in 1986, because sadly we still struggle with so many issues addressed in their music. But it isn't all what some prefer to call ""Protest Songs"" there are light-hearted moments to make you laugh; and in light of Mary's passing a few tears for her presence no longer with us. I would highly recommend this concert dvd to all PPM fans; and those who have yet to discover the truth and beauty of their music.
These make changing the water so much easier. They also hold much more water. Sometime the built-in plug gets stuck open during washing, but a light shake gets it loose. Had 2 for about 6 months with no issues.
How Christainity Changed the World, should be a must read for every high school senior or college freshman. A very easy read that conveniently encapsulates the rich history of Christianity and what it has given the world through the inspiration of its adherents. It is especially refreshing to read of the remarable emancipation of women that Christianity has bought forth through the ages and rarely spoken of.
Fun little instrument . I was trying the DAA tuning and it sounded good but then I tuned to DAD and it sounds great. Be sure to tune the to small strings to a High D, it will sound like the strings are going to break but they didnt on mine. this makes this nice looking little box really sound better.
I got this for my three year old daughter who loves to watch tv so that she could see how she behaves. Great book that is so true with today's world.
This is a real loose rock n roll album that seems to be permanently on the verge of colapse, much in the same way as the best trux stuff and reminisant of Alex Chiltons ""like flies on sherbert"".The songs shoot off in freeform directions but always return to good old rock n roll. The best thing Hagerty's done since Accelerator.
pretty good deal on season 16 Top Gear. Episode one was ok. Package comes with 6 episodes and 2 special episodes... well worth the price.
As historical novels go this was not what I expected. It is a bit too long, and it drags in places. I found myself skipping large passages because they were not really relevant. Perhaps it is 200 pages overwritten. But it is a good story, well researched for authenticity and well plotted with interesting characters and the historical time frame is extremely interesting.I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys thick books, big plots and history as authentically researched as possible.
recently purchased a set of these mirrors as a gift for a friend and are a good buy for the price. Nice and sturdy.
After hearing this song and seeing the 60 Minutes piece, I had to purchase this song. It makes a personal statement and the Dixie Chicks never sounded better. It's too bad that Country Music is inundated with so many narrow minded people that can't accept the truthful opinions about the 43rd President. I concur with many magazine articles that state that George W. Bush is and will be the worst US President EVER!
Okay, I thought this cd was a kick a$$ cd. I thought the song ""Living Dead Girl"" was an awesome song, the rest of Rob Zombie's songs were kick a$$ too!!!
I've noticed a lot of people here complaining about this one.... why? Although it doesn't have quite so much the mystery elements that other have, it has two fascinating (and despite what some have said, fully fleshed out) characters and a surprisingly complex relationship between them. Much better than most of the junk I've read this year.
Buy this book. The funniest, right on characterization of our business. I laughed so hard I cried. A must have.
Pros:*Long range*Works in my Apt (might be reason for static)*Sennheiser!*Nice CablesCons:*Battery drains quickly (expected)*Fuzz at certain angles and a feint fuzz all the time (only noticable when no sound or low output volumeI would buy again.
5 stars. Picture and sound quality 5 stars. Setlist 5 stars. Venue 5 stars. Buy it.
My husband and I love, love, love this machine and only wish we had purchased one many years ago. No complaints!
Received this book a few weeks ago and have been doggedly working on ""William Powell"", one of my Kottke favorites but a really challenging piece for an intermediate guitarist. It's made wonderfully accessible by Mark Hanson's notes and the accompanying CD - I find that hearing a song at half speed is an incredible learning tool. I can now play a recognizable, if decidedly watered down, version of the song. With Hanson's help I'm picking up more of the nuances that make the song a masterpiece and improving my playing A LOT. This is an excellent book.
I've always enjoyed Thomas Newman's work. This soundtrack has some good stuff on it that captures the somber mood of the movie. If you're a Newman fan, its one for the collection.
This is a book that changes lives. It helped nudge me in the right direction. Well written, and insightful. A very nice read with some powerful messages.
Have newborn twins,large dog, cat. This item works. No more smells. Fresh air feeling again.
great cd. it has all the songs i love and found more to love, I recomends this cd to everyone and their mama.
What an amazing book! I will never forget the truths I learned and I will be forever thankful for the understanding I now have about who I really am.
THIS BOOK WAS BETTER THAN AVERAGE BUT IT WAS A LITTLE TOO SHORT.I WOULD HAVE LIKED TO SEE THE AUTHOR GO INTO MORE DETAIL ON WHAT HAPPENED TO THE FEMALE LEAD ONCE SHE BECAME TOP DOG. BUT ALL IN ALL I ENJOY O. TYREE'S WRITTING STYLE.
Great product, I will recommand it to everyone need a memory upgrade for their mac or laptop.
I loved this song when I first heard them I was a fan then there next single Bugapoo came out and they released other crap and I got on the hating them train.This was actually was a good song and I would recommend it to anyone this was goodLyrics 8/10 Production 9/10 Overall 8.5/10
I am a great fan of Marc Anthony and this is his second english album that I have bought. Mended has all the love songs for those who are in love especially songs like I've Got You, I Need You and Everything You Do. Its very refreshing! His vocals are getting much better and stronger and one can get hooked just listening to him belting out his songs. I wish there are more to come and I will definitely keep on collecting.
If you are debating on which one to buy...think no further. You have found your answer. This is a wonderful CD which really takes you into the movie itself. You replay the entire fantastic movie in your head as you are drawn into the the lively music. This CD wins hands down to anyother soundtrack in the market. I am a huge fan of Pirates of the Caribbean: Curse of the Black Pearl the acual movie. So if you have not seen that yet, you must do so immediatly!!!!! NO EXCUSES! The best money you will ever spend. So by all means get this CD become part of the epic motion picture!
The rhythm of sentence fragments, lists of images, occasional insertion of a farsical headline, harsh purity of the characters. You can't help like Quoyle and his daughters, Sunshine and Bunny, in spite of their ordinariness. You can't help fall into the dialect of the Newfoundland fishermen and the reporters who, with Quoyle, prepare The Shipping News. Fun to read. Anxious approach to each new chapter. Waves on the shores. Boats capsizing. Bodies floating. What will happen to Quoyle tonight? Man Finds Romance Reading Aloud to Wife
The costume was a hit and I absolutely loved it! The only issue I had with it was that it was too long for me. I had to have 6"" taken off and I stand 5'2"".
This is a good compilation. Fortier takes you on a journey of trancy soundscapes and melodies. It starts off great, it ends off great too. But like most DJ compilations the middle tracks were weak at times - but that just makes the last ones sound that much better. Definetly worth owning if you like the melodies of trance more than the beats.
Ok so! I bite my nails a lot and I needed clippers that I could take with me everywhere and I found these. I was incredibly hesistant to buy them because of the bad reviews that it was receiving. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THEY WERE TALKING ABOUT BECAUSE THIS ITEM IS GREAT!!! Seriously I don't know if the other people were using them wrong or bought an older version but please don't listen to them! I really think this thing is handy and the clipeprs work great. At the most you lose a couple of bucks! Not kidding this item is no where near as bad as it got cracked up to be!
The Daffodils are back! A great book!! It is very entertaining and well written. I look forward to the next book in the series. I hope Mary Clay is busy typing!
For anyone who knows what realization is but is struggling with the events that take place, this book is fantastic.IT'S one of a kind and I know of ""No"" one who explains in detail this devoted life that takes one out of the mind and into the heart.It helped show me in every page just what is going on and why. David's journey matches mine so well , and for this reason it was by far the most helpful book available ...Thank you David, for this wonderful gift !!( Cynthia )
This is the type of book I was looking for. It was very well-written and there was not one page that didn't interest me.I was a little skeptical at first but the story quickly got very exciting.If you like the pre-history genre, this is a must-read.
great book for men's group study...well written...every man shud read this and re-read it again...a must read for those whom want to understand leadership potential to the fullest...
This book is a must! Everyone should read it! The concept is the same as many other books only this book is written in such a way that everyone can understand it use the concepts immediately in there life. I have given this to so many people as a gift and each person I have given it to has called me and thanked me. Love this book!
I started this book about 4 days ago and could not put it down. It took me back to them Daytona Beach days and Bike Week days where nothing elsemattered but getting drunk and just acting as if you have no home training what so ever ! It goes from those days into getting back home to reality and dealing with now being an adult and all the drama that can come with women finding themselves and learning how to go for their own happiness and also developing a relationship with God.I really enjoyed this book because I could relate and then it made me take a look at my own direction in life, people I surround myself with, and relationship with God.If you run across this book, pick it up !
I had the book Traditional Mexican Style Interiors and loved it so much that I bought the Traditional Mexican Syle Exteriors. It also is fabulous. This author really has it down. Anyone would love that loves Mexican color and architecture. I would actually rate these two books a 100 stars each instead of just 4 stars. I will gladly purchase any book by this author. I am so glad the booksare hard backs. I shall enjoy forever. Thanks, Amazon
I bought a kitchen aid in a garage sale and it was missing this beater. Now it is a useful item. Fits perfectly
We have had these for a year now and they still look like new. They are sharp and pierce the olive every time. I would definitely purchase again and recommend to anyone.
Every Member of the Lutheran church must read this .Luther himself said no one can use his name ,No one can put his worthless name on any church . The only name that can be on the church is the owner himself . Rabbi Messiah Yeshua (Jesus)Also Paul said the same thing put no man or womans name on the church..Read the warning in Gal.1:8
I have many Henry Mancini CDs that I enjoy very much. The main reason I picked this one up was for the Big Band segment, and it was wonderful. Of course, I don't think there is anything by Mancini that isn't good, so just sit back and enjoy the entire CD.
No offence, but, with my parsonal experience in a boutique in Tokyo for three years where the BGM was strictly fixed to the Beatles, I had been, to be honest, tired of the music.Then, about ten years ago, I came across this great film called ""For the Boys"" in which my favourite diva Bette Midler sings ""In My Life"". I found bette's version of the song so mouth-wateringly tasty and came to love the music once again.And, as a big fan of Sean Connery, I was immensely excited by this George Martin's final production, ""In My Life"". I had never heard Sean Connery sings before. Well, in that sense, the outcome of this album was not what I expected, but certainly not dissatisfaction. Far from it!Robin Williams' cool ""Come Together"", Goldie Hawn's jazzy ""A Hard Day's Night"", Jim Carrey's powerful ""I Am The Walrus""... All is but like delicious petits fours that I cannot decide which one is my favourite. This is The Great Buy.
very good show really enjoyed it working on season 2 hope it is as good since have to pay for that one
I love word and math puzzles. This is a great solitaire game and has 40 different combinations from easy to difficult. It is very portable and small, so I can take it with me while I am waiting for a doctor's appointment! If you are alone and need some brain challenging activities this is a good one!
The VHS box set advertises the inclusion of the episode ""Pass the Potatoes, Ethel Merman"". Unfortunately this episode is not included. The second season episode ""Sixty Five on the Aisle"" is in it's place. I was bummed, because I really wanted to see the Ethel Merman episode, but I am happy to have ANY episodes of this great retro show on home video. I bought the VHS box set several years ago and am wondering if anyone has noticed if they fixed this accidental goof. I would buy the DVD and chuck my VHS set if I knew the Merman episode was on it. However, each one is highly enjoyable, with ""This Little Piggy Had a Ball"" alone worth the price of the whole set.This was a great show and I would love to see more volumes released.
I haven't seen the other 2 movies in this set, but Rock and Roll Frankenstein is great, definatly head and shoulders over 99% of the low budget Indy's I've seen.
Ideally, the product works fine, and has no sort of scratches and or damage. It works fine, and is clearly visable. By watching this tape, you cannot tell that it is used, minus the initial artwork cover. It did take a little longer than the deadline was made to be, but I did receive my merchandise within the next week.
The book helps one to program for MYSQL in C, or other languages for that matter, but the installation section does not describe how to set up the ""my.ini"" file. It does a good job on the SQL syntax used by MySQL.
Harry Bosch never gives up on a case, his years of experience really makes for an interesting character! The book is fast paced and keeps you guessing about what the outcome will be!!
I bought a Keurig B70 for my mom on Mother's day and she loves it! She tells me that she has three cups every morning, each one a different flavor or type. I got her this Gloria Jeans mix and another variety pack of unflavored coffee and she really goes through them. It makes me happy to make her happy. Also, a great mix for when company comes over, something for everyone. Many of them are too mild and sweet for me but others really seem to like them.
Jar of Gems, a 2 CD compilation of Jars of Clay's best over the years-- from its self-titled debut album to Much Afraid to If I Left the Zoo as well as 7 remixed songs from the band's White Elephant live sessions-- is a good introduction to the band's excellent music and an equally good addition to any avid Jars of Clay fan's collection.With its lovely vocals, lilting tunes, and honest lyrics, Jars of Clay delights!
You can't go wrong with these knives. They're Less expensive than most knives and definitely deliver. Self-sharpening and attractive looking. I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend them to anyone.
I really like this product. I use it on my twins and it truly does prevent diaper rash. It goes on creamy, and wipes of easily. It protects the skin and I would recommend this to anyone.
Very bad poetry is the funniest collection of poetry ever! My favorite poem is ""Ode To the Mammoth Cheese""! If you like poetry, this is a must read!
I was a little concerned to buy the popcorn, as you never know what you are going to get. But I did and I am glad I did. The popcorn is nice and tender, pops easy, great taste and hull-less. I have moved from the microwave popcorns and glad I did because of this product. I like the fact the the popped corn is small but great!
If you need extra potassium and cringe at eating bananas - this may be the way to go. The flavor is like coconut, but it's not. Hard to explain. I've enjoyed my Coconut water with my brekkie and no more muscle twiches after exercising.
I order this product to be used in my living room as a place to relax up high where the kids could not get to and it works great. I was nine months pregnant when first using it and it was comfy though hard to get into and is still holding up now a month later. Not to mention the fact that it is very easy to install. My only complaints are it is smaller than I expected and after lying in it for some time it can become rather uncomfortable.
The Adirondacks are truly one of America's great wilderness areas. Using a 8-by-10 inch Deardorff camera, Nathan Farb beautifully photographs many Adirondack scenes here. Author Paul Jamieson provides an introductory essay on the area's geography, unique qualities, and ecological importance. If one has visited the Adirondacks, one will find this book a vivid reminder of this special region. If one hasn't been to the Adirondacks, this book should compel them as much as anything to make a trip there.
""Abbey Road"" is one of my favorite Beatles albums. It is definitely my favorite in terms of audio quality and production.
This was just a great little book. The foreward and afterword, both written by Jefferson scholar/theologians, were quite interesting and informative. The meat of the book itself was a succinct distillation of the gospels, effectively separating eternal truths from hocus pocus.
If you like a classic ghost story, rich in gothic atmosphere and that tingling sense of dread, you'll love this short novel by author Susan Hill. Written in a 19th century literary style with a modern sensibility, it has the kind of ""Turn of the Screw"" mood which I found a perfect antidote to the ""yet another serial killer"" novels that abound. (Not that I don't love a good serial killer story too!)This is a great story for a stormy evening, tucked up in bed!
Like the book title says...a Start up sports series. Recommended reading to those interested in the science of boxing.
Our whole family loves this show. We own the four seasons that have been released, and never tire of watching and re-watching. I can't imagine why Fox will not release the final three seasons. They would have to be bigger sellers than some of the junk that is currently being released!
One look at the ingredients and you'll understand why this vitamin supplement is so well liked. This is my secret power booster supplement that got me through years of a high stress job, while raising 3 children as a single dad, that got me to every kids school and sporting event possible, and I'm still going strong. prasise God. Purchasing online through Amazon is now saving me a lot of money compared to buying retail, thanks Amazon!
This book is just as fun and wonderful as all the other ones. Don't miss a single TinTin. They are all fascinating.
every one should be happy now i edited my review you know the ska guitar thing again get this hard core cd.this is fun.
I have had this dryer for about a week now, and I have to say, aside from being a little weird to use the first few times, it does nice work. Before this, no matter how I tried, I would still have to flat iron my hair before I left the house. With this product, I get a smooth and soft look, with more volume than the flat iron would leave me. So, although it doesn't replace the sleekness of a flat iron, I no longer 'have' to use it.I never watched the DVD and had no problems figuring it out: Just a little trouble getting the hang of it, but still ended with fabulous results. Also, it dries your hair quick-quick-quick. My old dryer couldn't come close.I would recommend using a thermal protector when using this, as your hair is awfully close to the dryer and it gets much hotter than my old one.
This video is very funny plus it teaches kid to always do what god would do and there's a bonus you get to see the song of the caibo wich will crack you up!
I have been quilting for about 3 years. Like many of the other people who wrote a review, I found it difficult to follow some of the instructions. To get it right, I had to take my time and make sure the cutting and sewing was exact. It is a great challenge and it has made me a more precise sewer. You don't need to be an expert quilter but having some quilting knowledge would help. Even with some parts being difficult the end results are worth while.
My 20 month old daughter loves sesame street. So this was a terrific purchase for those times when we're dining out.
This is the Toxic Reasons I remember and loved with well crafted hardcore songs. This CD shows a departure from the last LP which was more metal than any other release before. What an awesome comeback! I really wish they would've toured for this release more extensively back then. Highlights are Roadkill, Time, In a State of Grace, Show No Mercy and No Entry.
My husband and I bought this sand table for our daughter's first birthday. She's now 16 months and loves it. It's the only toy that she'll play with for a decent chunk of time. We're usually too lazy to keep water in the other side, so we just store her sand toys on the other side.Just one complaint: the sand doesn't usually flow through the funnels very easily (especially if it's damp/wet).
The only reason Ms. This Is Not Real Reading, you only said that because you could not beat it. If you did, you would give it five stars. (And plus you couldn'd beat the book is because your a big nerd!)
This Is Such A Good Book In Everyway. I Cried Many Times While Reading It,Yes Its Rather Sad! The Only Problem With This Book Is That If Your Not Familer With ""Horse Terms"" Like I Am, Then You Might Not Always Get What Thier Talking About. However Its Still A Great Book.
Nearly all of these songs are classics. Nice country & blues flavor. The only ones I don't care for are ""You Got the Silver"" & ""Monkey Man"". The rest show why they're called ""the greatest rock'n'roll band in the world.""
I know I hear everyone saying this story is too long for even the most profound reader to quote another reveiw, but I find it just my size. It isn't often I can find a story that doesn't end so quickly that I almost want to murder the author for ending the story so soon. And all of the charaters in this one have managed to stay different. I've read alot of stories and I've found only a elite few that manage to go this long without all the charaters bending into 1 of 3: male, female or nothing to do with plot personalities. I cheer him for all of his work and only wish for the next one now. This book in particular I must say might not be the best in series, but in all reality once and a while the author needs to advance the plot. ( Thats most of what this one does) But with what has happened in this one I have extremely high hopes for the next in line. Read on everyone you will need this one to understand what comes after.
My son picks this book up out of a pile of others and demands it be read, constantly. Fun to read, hysterical to look at and it sets him to bouncing up and down with the beat. Still fun on the 10th read of the day.
I'm a fashion freak, and interested in fashion design, so this book is very useful to me. I can look up all of the design terminology and see what different things mean. I'm also interested in fashion writing/journalism, so it's nice to be able to use the correct terminology when writing about fashion. If you are in the fashion industry, plan on working in fashion, or just love fashion, this is useful to have.
I have a scar on my arm and started using this stuff almost a year ago.It really does work... slowly and surely. The only thing is it takes at least 6 months to see any small results, use it twice a day for sure. The scar is slowly being sucked away little by little. Its just like Rogaine, you have to keep it next to your toothbrush and slap it on twice a day real quick and forget about it! A year down the road you'll look down and notice the stuff has worked.Martin
It's already Lion install in it, like it much! But I think 4G memory is a little bit small for Xcode. When I compile an OGRE project, it will run out of memory sometimes.
I tested the Linksys G series card for my laptop and let me tell you- the speeds are phenominal. It has the same great speed as 802.11a, but with a far greater range(speeds vary on where you are). I was two floors up from the router and it worked like a miracle. Better yet, this can work with 802.11b so if someplace is still not up to this new standard(that may take over 11b) it will still work. I recommend to anyone to get this card if you have a laptop.
This clock radio is small but does not lack in features. The time display is perfect and the dual alarms are exactly what I require.
We were looking to replace are 17 yr old cookware after looking at different sets and reviewing them, we decided on the Rachael Ray!! They are wonderful, beyond what we were expecting, Non Stick is a understatement!! Very easy cleaning, as we don't put them in the dishwasher,Time will tell the story, but right now we're very happy we are choice!!
Loved Soundgarden and loved RATM. Love both together even more. One of the best CDs I've purchased in awhile. Definitely worth checking out if you were a fan of either group.
I USE TO PAY $3.50 FOR A SINGLE SERVING OF A WHITE CHOCOLATE BREAD PUDDING AT A LOCAL COFFEE AND DESSERT SHOP. INA GARTEN'S CROISSANT BREAD PUDDING BLOWS THE OTHER ONE AWAY. SO MOIST AND TASTY AND EASY TO MAKE. I USED ONE EGG LESS AND 1/2 THE RAISINS. YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED. I CANNOT WAIT TO TRY HER OTHER RECIPES!!!!!1
So you will not walk away from this book with the true meaning of life. Did you really expect to? It is a work of fiction, written in a simple but pleasant style, with wonderful warmth and heartfelt moments. You can finish this book in an afternoon very easily. A small price to pay for the enjoyment it provides.
Most readers, like myself, probably don't share all of Michael Moore's political beliefs. This book is definitely left wing, but still will appeal to almost anyone. It crosses political lines by relying on one thing that will be accepted by all: humor.Moore attacks a wide group of companies, issues, and people, but not maliciously, but more humorously. Don't let that fool you though, his attacks are not light hearted. He goes after GM, Robert Dornan, Germany, and both political parties in a manner that is shocking by its humor and its truthfulness.Moore doesn't claim to be a great writer, but his writing style reflects the way is - common, and easy to understand. This makes this book not only funny, but very readable as well.Though pretty short, it's hilarious, original, and even provides some humorous pictures, mock trading cards, and mock articles. Check this book out and you'll most likely enjoy it, no matter what your political affiliation is.
GOOD PRICE AND IT WORKS FINE SO FAR . I ALWAYS CAN USE EXTRA CORDS FOR MY CELL PHONE YA KNOW THANK YOU AMAZON...
This was an exellent collection of songs that moves Diana Krall toward a more contemporary sound. Her jazz roots still remain, but she cuts it loose by crossing musical boundaries by sounding much like Joni Mitchell, Phoebe Snow, and Norah Jones. With her musical collaboration with Elvis Costello, there are inklings of her using a vocal style similar to Costello's, such as the song, Love Me Like a Man.Nevertheless, this album really jazzes-up Krall's music a bit more. There are quiet moments, but very atmospheric and may create a sort of imagery with the tracks, Black Crow and Departure Bay. This is a recommended disc for jazz lovers and those who want to sample contemporary jazz music.
THE TOWER OF LONDONBetween two Edgar Allan Poe adaptations, Roger Corman found the time (he directed no less than seven films between 1961 and 1962) to shoot this remake of Rowland V. Lee'sThe Boris Karloff Collection (Tower of London / The Black Castle / The Climax / The Strange Door / Night Key). And the result, if you're crazy about cinema, is formidable. You'll get talkative ghosts (double exposures), unbearable torture scenes with Sandra Knight and quasi Shakespearian moving soliloquies. Note that the film should have been shot in color but, due to the fact that executive producer Edward Small intended to borrow Rowland V. Lee's 1939 scenes of the Bosworth battle for his film, it was finally shot in b & w. I love cinema. Highly recommended.
Stevie Wonder was sure climbing the charts with this smash hit. Funky, soft, and slipery smooth, Talking Book has it all.Superstition has always been one of my all time favorite songs. Oh what a groove as the guitars, brass, drums, keyboards, and vocals all work together in harmony. Isn't that what its all about?Another song that always touches myself is the album closer, I Believe. It starts off as a poignant ballad but the fade out seems to bring out some grooving R & B tones and some optimism for the future.So many other great moments. Jeff Beck contributes a delightful guitar solo to the breezy Lookin' For Another Pure Love. Maybe Your Baby is another dynamic funky tune. What an infecious hook. You Are The Sunshine Of My Life is oh so joyful with such slipery smooth instrumentation.Certainly on the same level as Innervisions and Fulfillingness First Finale which is most definitely a very good thing!
This product is one of those little things that makes life easier on you. I'm just happy that I don't have to clean out my microwave as frequently as I used to. Used to be any time I put a bowl of soup it would bubble and splatter all over. Now, I just pop this little cover over it and there are no problems. It's great!
Panthers jersey I bought several years ago. It isn't anything special, but is just what I wanted. I bought it as part of a fundraiser involving puck sales at Bank Atlantic Center for United Way
When I wanted to start reading Lenninger Priciple's of Biochemistry it felt like a bucket of cold water... there were many things that I could not understand; hence, I went for something simple and concise, something that gives me enough background (in a short amount of time) info to somehow figure out what Lenninger tried to explain. For that purpose, this book is very good. In fact, I am reading it again in some chemistry class that I have because the class is boring. However, do not expect to be a master biochemist after you read this book, this is just an INTRODUCTION and OUTLINE of the main ideas... only the concepts that are used most often appear! Another feature that I like is that it is pocket size, meaning that I can carry it around easily!
I love this movie. I grew up watching Julia Child and learning how to cook from her shows.It was a bit of nostalgia for me.I still have her cookbooks
Great book..wonderful quick guide to everything you need to know fast!I also used this as a quick review for CREOG's, it has all the high yield stuff they'll test you on!Cons: a slightly larger type version should be considered.
This book is an excellent introduction to Norwegian! If you're starting with Norwegian - start with this book. It's organized well and presents Norwegian in a way that makes it easy to learn without glossing over the challenging parts. Of course, Norwegian is hardly challenging for an English-speaker (compared to most other languages). It it just me, this book, or is Norwegian just an incredibly easy language for English speakers? Great book if you're new to Norwegian or any other Scandinavian language. I'm only 3/4 of the way through and I can already figure out Swedish websites!
pretty good tea. I recommend steaming it longer than what it says on the box. I personally steam my tea for 15-30 minutes.
Laid some of this plot around my back yard and within days it was like I was back in the wild. The deer just kept coming. Very satisfied
This is a wonderful movie saw it when it first came out. Am semi-retired so can enjoy it again. Also met Kim Novak once more beautiful in person if you can believe that. Love amazon have used it quite a few times
I really enjoyed the Avalon album. Boys and Girls is similar in style but even better. I don't buy many CD's, but this one was a no-brainer. Excellent!
""Cheevey took me a while to get into. I didn't exactly understand everything that was going on. Cheevey and his whole family are messed up. Cheevey is at his 20th birthday, and his whole family is falling apart. His parents are divorcing, his brother's an alcoholic, and his sister is obsessed with the subject of her thesis. Cheevey is the one who is trying to hold his family together, and it isn't working. I thought this book was sad, and I couldn't read it for a long time because I got depressed. ""Cheevey"" is definitely not light reading.
When you read these reveiws your like Jesus an hour to an hour-and-one-half that is crazy but the dvds are broken down into little sections. You do like 2 minutes of push-ups then 2 of pull-ups. I think it works you hard enough to get good results but not tax your body so hard you quit. You may have a long work-out but when its not doing push-up 20 minutes straight then 20 minutes of something else it makes it doable. Also, that legnth of work-out includes the warm-up usually around 10 minutes. Buy this and do this you will thank yourself after just a few weeks!
We have celebrated dozens of Passover Seders with this simple, elegant book as a guide. While it's language may not be as poetic as some, it tells the story in a way that speaks to everyone from my 93 year old Grandmother to the youngest who stammers over the Four Questions, to the guest experiencing his or her first Seder. We have other hagadot, but this is the one we have adopted as our family's tradition.
Nice speakers, solid feel, good sound. Not much bass as expected in a small speaker. A good deal.
This system looks good & sounds great ! The ipod dock & usb port in front are handy.Works well with my JVC lcd tv. In a perfect world i would have made the surround speakers wireless.
Great gate, perfect for protecting the children from the fireplace. Solid construction -- worth the price!
This is an excellent product, specially when you want to protect your equipment from rain and or sand, with the hood attached.Also it provides easy access to your equipment.
The movie is excellent, focusing on the strategy and tactices of nuclear brinksmanship. Henry Fonda wears the role of President well.How would YOU atone for the act of accidentally bombing a major city?[In an earlier review, I thought I had caught a filmography error, but this is not the case]March 3, 2002 Reviewer: ""rhyre"" (Cincinnati, OH)Enjoyed the movie as much as when I first saw it in the 70s.I only encountered two problems:1) Original film qualityA digital restoration of the original film print is in order, I noticed a lot of graininess and flecks in the image.2) Larry Hagman seems to be slightly confused with Gene Hackman in the filmography under 'special features'.For example, Larry Hagman is credited with an appearance in the 1978 Superman movie. Lex Luthor was played by Gene Hackman.[This is not true, Larry Hagman AND Gene Hackman both appeared in Superman: The Movie, in different roles. Larry Hagman played the character of 'Major']
I would rate the service overall as excellent. The DVD arrive in excellent condition and within a few days of ordering. Was very please to receive a notification when the order was shipped and the tracking number.
This movie was excellent. Strike a pose has everything you could ever want from a movie. It provides action suspense and drama that is unparalled by many movies. I would recommend it for the whole family. i saw it 4 times already and feel that i could watch it 4 more times.
Mimi and Richard Farina's work is probably the most underappreciated music to come out of the 1960's. The Best of the Vanguard years offers a sampling of the beauty, poetry and power that is their music. Though in some ways comparable to the many folk acts of the time, notably Bob Dylan, Richard and Mimi Farina's brand of folk is fresh and unique, even today. The arrangements, vocalizations and the Irish and Cuban influences blend together to make an almost hypnotic sound that is haunting, forceful and peaceful at the same time. The instrumentation is beautiful, the lyrics intelligent and witty, and the end result is a captivating collection of songs that will hopefully bring attention to these too-long-overlooked artists.
Still as good as the first timeI read it - oh so long ago, when middle earth was young
The first Dan Brown book I read was Angels and Demons and I LOVED it!Digital Fortress was interesting and intriguing and I couldn't put it down easily.Every other book after that has been pretty much exactly the same thing. His plots pretty much don't change at all - only the setting and main characters. I've read all of his books so far (except the newest one The Lost Symbol) and I only really liked Angels and Demons and Digital Fortress.
The much anticipated Dilated have come straight with it. Packing in such guest MCs as B-Real, Aceyalone, Defari, Likwit Crew, Asia, Everlast, this album is tight all the way through. Beats by Alchemist, E-Swift, Joey Chavez, Ev, T-Ray, Babu and Kutmasta Kurt, how could this album lack stamina? If you enjoyed the Dilated single...the rest of the album is just as good, even better. Rakka-Iriscience and Evidence's flow and lyrics are unbelievable. A must have for a true underground hip-hop lover.
This record is a rock landmark. Not so much for whats on it but for the entire package. This package is so radical even by todays standards. Not many people have the luxury of being able to do whatever they want musically or artistically. John Lennon was able to do this. I think the cover is probably more important than the sound...
This book has the most beautiful pictures in a book that I've seen!!!!!! I do not know how someone could be so talented to be able to draw those kinds of pictures!
As always, Harry Crews does not disappoint. This is a great story with grit and guts and even introduces a character you will see in a few other Crews works. Excellent southern gothic fiction.
It replaced the controller that had gotten broken. It works well, My grandsons use it a lot. They especially like the vibrations the contrller has when the cars crash.
This book is written in an interesting format and kept my interest to the very end. The storyline was through and complex in details with good continuity in following up on the never ending plots with a variety of the characters who seemed to have touches of reality and boldness beyond my expectations. I never guessed many of the outcomes in the various journies written for the main characters. The suspense was just enough and kept me reading without realizing I could not stop reading each section. Of course knowing the fair did suceed could have spoiled the reading but none the less I did not know the ""behind the scenes"" dramas.I would recommend this book for anyone over 17. Some material is not appropriate for mid teens or younger readers unless a parent has read it first and thinks their child can deal with this material.
I found this album looking for music that could be played in an Caf茅 environment: Something that is uplifting, something that just as easily goes in as it goes out, something that just as easily can be ignored as it can be enjoyed.And yes: If I had an elevator in my house, I would play his music there 24x7.You may play his music at a sub-low level and you may not even notice unless you tune into it. I like the clear rhytm track, and his Jazzy~Latin~Flamenco style.I find Peter White among the finest Guitarists who seems to do his job because he LIKES what he does. And that shines through.
does anyone know an approximate date for release of the box set? we have been waiting as well my whole family records the shows on dvr and its full... i like to go back and rewatch them but I dont have any more room
EXCELLENT! The improved sound quality makes it possible for the listener to hear an entire new layer of the songs.Almost as exciting as hearing them for the first time, but with the added bonus of already knowing all of the words. Buy this NOW!
Thomas Eishen's book about Joshua Chamberlain at Gettysburg is entitled ""Courage on Little Round Top"".The author takes the reader into the minds and emotions of the men from both sides who fought at Little Round Top. As I shared each one's experiences and thoughts, I found myself caring deeply about each one,hoping for his success and well-being.Having brought the Confederate and Union soldiers to life so vividly,Mr. Eishen makes the human carnage of Little Round Top all the more devastating. One mourns for all those who did not survive it.
Although some things seem a little far-fetched, I really enjoyed this book. My gut tells me that the authors may take a few liberties in their interpretations of studies, but I am really not sure.On a very positive note - everyday of reading it, I would learn something new and interesting. Overall, worth the time and money. I suggest you buy the book.
very chessy but highly enjoyable movie with john scheinder from the early 80's great decade for hollywood and independent filmakers to get out their work really enjoyed this movie for what it is cheese.
The reason I purchased this item is because I frequently take my meals in my work vehicle. I use this item to heat water for soups or soup itself. When I use it for soup it needs a good cleaning after. More often I heat water to add to dry soups. The best thing about this is that it is the only way I have found to boil water in my car. Electric kettles for home use overwhelmed my converter. The reason I gave it four stars is that, when boiling water, condensation on the lids inevitably falls out when removing the top. The only way I've found to avoid getting wet is open it outside the car. That small inconvenience is far outwieghed by the great convenience and increased meal options this products offer me. It was sure priced right also.
Great book even if you don't play golf. I bought it for my son and now I am enjoying it
I did not swim much as a kid so I am not used to the chlorine in the pools. My swim coach asked me to buy a pair of speedo swim goggles to save my eyes from burning so much. These were the cheapest available so I bought them. But they turned out to be exactly what I was looking for. Water never leaks in if you wear them properly. They look really smart. I saw what my other friends got and these ones are really better looking. The only problem is that occasionally fogging occurs because of which I have to take them off and clean them with my hands or something. But overall I am really happy with the product.
This is a great book that should serve as a reference to other cook books. I often find a recipe in other, more specific books, and then cross reference the ingredients and procedures with ""The Joy of Cooking"".i have also found the beverages section to serve as a very helpful guide to many ""standard"" mixed drink recipes.
What's to say about an extremely well acted, well staged, well written drama? Wife and I love it. Sure, bottom line, it's a soap opera, but after all, isn't life itself? And Catherine Bell? Need I say more?! When I order from Amazon I'm always buying with confidence. If you haven't tried this series and haven't bought anything from Amazon, then get off the couch and do so now. You won't be disappointed with either! 'Nuff said.
Length:: 0:20 MinsAuthor of this review: Stefan Domokos, BuzauWe will use this good book for experiments in the secondary school.In this video made by the author we present an experiment made by the author presented to the pupils from the class XII D from the secondary school D. Filipescu from Buzau in which we present the use of one battery of the volta type used for the potential difference between the emittor and base of one transistor and we produce one current in one other tranzistor by this [1].References[1] M. Mansfield et al., Understanding physics, Wiley, 2011.
One of my favorite movies. If you do not get a chucle out of this movie you have no sense of humor.
My dog likes it sometimes, my cats fight over it on the deck in the spring, summer and fall when the gentle breezes wash over them as they sleep. Add a towel or blanket under them and heaven on earth.
This was my first contact with the writing of Mr. Coban, and I started reading the prologue while walking from my mailbox, into the kitchen and on to my favorite chair without lifting my eyes from the pages. The book was fast paced, interesting and had a thousand quirks and turns. I felt sorry for the protaganist, wished him luck and was happy with the final outcome. It was a book I could not put down until I turned the final page.
This hands free device works great, I am told that it sound clear with no background noise, it takes a little playing with the controls but once you get it figured out the operation of it is easy. I wish I had bought one earlier. In addition, I will buy a second one for my wife.
So many things I love wrapped up in this tale! I've always wondered what being an archaeologist might look like, and I LOVE Scotland. The ghost and supernatural aspect were a delight as well. Ms Kearsley, you tell a fine story and I very much look forward to the next.
Michael J. Russ empowers you to let go of unsupportive self-talk and make supportive self-talk your second nature. He provides you with a highly effective and accessible manual for redesigning the way you think about yourself. This book is essential for anyone who wants to be truly happy from within and experience success in every area of their life. It will help you to drastically improve yourself and overcome any challenge you may encounter. This book is your best guide towards controlling a personal power that will help you take quantum leaps towards making radical changes in your life and accomplishing anything. It is the key to becoming your best and most positive self!
This devotional is unique because it gives the hymn's author and composer and some encouraging background information. I read it to my wife in the morning, and then we sing the hymn if we know it, then read the Scripture portions and then I pray. What a glorious way to begin the day. I highly recommend it.
Im not a kid either.to all you people bashing this album-shut the f*ck upEveryone knows this isnt punk. Has it ever occured to you that people can like more than one type of music.I like what you guys consider to be ""real punk."" I have to agree with you. And i like this. So just shut the f*ck up.
Finally, got a chance to purchase this movie and watch it. Great DVD picture quality. The actual movie made my jaw drop but the price and free shipping of dvd was great!
It is nice to see a movie like this... a movie for the whole family and about family. But Hallmark is excptional at family movies...the music was great. Loved the movie and all the good performances. Of course the fact that my favorite actor was the lead, was nice too. :)
Why does everyone who uses this book live near me?I bought this book for my father, a very experienced gardener and landscaper who recently moved to the desert. Although he is not a big book reader I see him using this book repeatedly.The book is easy to follow, gives a number of great tips, and presents ideas that even a seasoned professional like my father hasn't thought of.
I bought this album when it first came out in the 70's. I first saw REO onBurt Sugarman's Midnight Special & was hooked ever since. I first saw them live for the Tuna Tour,then at the Texas Jam in Houston & the Good Trouble tour.The only problem with this CD is that they excluded Gary Richrath'sguitar solo after Turkey Trot.I hope they reissue the CD cause Gary is THEmost underated guitar player out there & I have worn out my LP.
Well, depending on what are you planning to use it, good product for me (I was using it on a Treo and it worked perfectly!
By: Peter G. Engelman, Author of ""Running From Justice:""The Whalens have captured the essence of the instinctive reactions peculiar to the business of fighting crime in the big city. I couldn't put the book down and I congratulate the authors for writing such a powerful novel.Peter G. Engelman, AuthorRunning From Justice
Bogosian has a knack for creating compelling characters. A common aspect to all of his characters is desperation. Whether it the paranoid desperation of the ""Artist"" who stopped making art because ""they"" would know what he was thinking to the quiet despertion of the homeless ""Bottleman"" who finds comfort in collecting bottles or cans (""Bottles or cans, it makes no difference"") so that he can enjoy an egg salad sandwich to the despertion of the man who calls ""Candy"" for a good time.Right from the beginning, Bogosian (both in writing and as the lone actor in a one man show) pushes the envelope in establishing characters who live on the edges of society and who feel the pressure of desperation in their lives. For those of you who are interested, the movie ""Talk Radio"" has Bogosian exploring themes similar to those explored in ""Sex, Drugs, ROck & Roll.""
Most people don't know music like this exists. Personally I think it's some of the most beautiful music I've ever heard. What are they singing about? I haven't the foggiest idea. But it sure is incredible.
This book is a funny compilation of the wacky comic strip gang, a dog with some feathered friends and what else. The hilarious side of children.
Good product from Optimum, but caused a little too much bloating in me. First of all, I don't think double rich chocolate is the best flavor when mixing with water. But when taken with milk, the flavor was a lot better, even enjoyable.I have now switched to Cookies and Cream. And though I've heard many complain that it's much too sweet, it tends to agree more with my stomach. The flavor is great, even when taken with water and bloating for me is greatly reduced. I don't know why this is the case. But I think it might have to do with the differences in flavoring ingredients.My recommendation is don't do what I did. 10lbs is too much to commit to without really knowing how this product will play with your body. Buy the smaller container and try different flavors to find out what works best for you.
This griddle can cook 8 pieces of French toast at once, without excessive crowding. The pan heats very evenly, so that even portions not over the burners are hot, and the parts over the burners are not too hot! Nothing sticks (of course), and you can feed a crowd. This is a great buy. We own several Calphalon hard anondized pans, but this was my first nonstick. The nonstick surface seems much more durable than that of my T-fal set. This griddle is highly recommended.
Cuisinart MCP-12 MultiClad Pro Stainless Steel 12-Piece Cookware SetI spent a lot of time checking out reviews for stainless steel cookware. I was headed toward buying All-Clad, but in the process kept coming up with these great reviews for Cuisinart MultiClad Pro Stainless Steel. Given that the basic construction between the Cuisinart MultiClad and All-Clad is similar, I decided to try the Cuisinart. I love it. All of the pots heat quickly and evenly, clean up is a breeze and the stainless steel looks fabulous. As many reviews have pointed out, cooking at a lower heat and using Bar Keepers Friend for clean up are key. No regrets here - this is a great set. Now, what to do with all that money I saved ...!
I have not been able to read the entire book yet, but what I have read is very interesting. Some of the foods I have never heard of or seen. The food that the mountaineers have prepared seem very comforting. Will review more when I finish the book.
We just bought this cd on the recommendation of my sister. I have a 1 year old and a 4 year old and our family absolutely loves this collection of songs. They are so fun and upbeat...great for dancing around the living room or distracting a cranky toddler in the car. The melodies are whimsical with a folky edge. Laurie Berkner's voice is fresh, delightful, and (thankfully) not annoying. The cd has a number of traditional favorites as well as new tunes that are sure to please. Beware...these are very catchy songs that WILL get stuck in your head but the funny thing is that you won't mind a bit. You will be happily buzzing through the grocery store or wherever singing these silly tunes with a smile on your face. This cd is pure sunshine.
Hootie are not very well known in the uk, in fact the only mainstream coverage they have ever got is a mention in Friends.I bought the cd in a sale and am glad that i have.I had no idea untill reading the other reviews that they are such a love em or hate em band.I can't understand it, from the first time i listened to the album i feel in love with it.""Hannah Jane"" and ""Hold my hand"" are two great upbeat pop numbers to start the album and then comes my favourite song,""Let her cry"".Its a slow paced love song which is very well writen and creates many images in the mind but it is Darius's powerfull vocals that really make the song.Other stand out tracks are ""Time"", ""Goodbye"" and ""Drowning""(a powerfull attack on racisim). It ts true that some tracks sound similar but there is enough variety to keep you interested.I don't understand any of the reveiws below 3 stars as this is a strong and overall enjoyable debut album.Time to buy the other two then!
This has long been a Favorite CRUSADER Album of mine, so much so I re-order it from time to time to give as a Gift and it is always a Hit with the recipient.
The Tuck family has discovered a magic spring and is forever living at one age. They drink from the magic spring and the water keeps them living young. A girl named Winnie Foster stumbles along on there secret. Then all of there troubles began. Winnie is followed by a complete stranger wearing a yellow suit.That man had heard of the Tuck's secret. Then the Tuck's got Wionnie back.Winnie can choose between living forever or having a normal life. You can read to find out what will she choose...What I think of this book is that it is a fantasy. It is so deep and thrilling. You will think about it day after day. Tuck Everlasting is truly mystical!!!!
Decent translation of the book and it's always a fantastic read. Picked up this copy for a friend and gave it a read through jsut to be sure it was a decent print. Much better than some of the awful translations out there and I was confident in gifting the book to someone who has never read it before.
This book is overall what you'd expect it to be. Frankly, it's a little boring, but not as bad as you might think, if you're a true diehard.What I don't get is why this book is so common. The market value of this book is actually pretty low compared to other out-of-print WEG Star Wars books, indicating that lots of people bought it back in the day.It's vaguely interesting but you probably won't use the information in an adventure.Oh, and WEG can't just ""reprint"" this book, because the license they held from Lucasfilm to produce and write Star Wars game material expired almost 10 years ago. Wizards of the Coast bought it up, sadly.
Farscape, Right up there with Star Trek, Battlestar Galactica and many others is one of the best Science Fiction television shows to come along. It lasted for 4 seasons and was such a fan hit that due to fan pressure a movie had to be made to tie all the ends up. An achievement rarely seen. I would recommend this to any and all. Truly great television.
Marilyn Manson has received great ridicule for his music and his shows. I have only recently spent time listening to his music and I saw his show in San Francisco this year. Great show. I really am not too concerned with his detractors or his supporters. I do think Marilyn Manson is very intelligent. The lyrics in his songs prove this, in my opinion, regardless of whether you agree with them or not. They have substance and meaning and have come from a person who has wisdom. I think Marilyn takes a lot of heat because parents, priests, and the like, realize their jobs become harder with people like Manson in the world and they don't trust themselves and their ability to reach their children. We must all remember that we can who we want to be as long as we do not hurt others.
I love primus as far as I'm concerned Les is a god, this cd offers up the best of Primus, I was dissapponted that Jellikit and laquer head were not on here but you can't have it all!
I don't know why I didn't order something like this years ago. It has been the most important ""tool"" of my summer. My kids are always getting new pool toys and we have an inflatable pool on our deck so this pump is used constantly. It charges quickly and holds a charge for a long time. It is a bit loud when in use but it inflates quickly.
I've had this vcr now for almost a month and I couldn't be more pleased. It absolutely exceeded all of my expectations. Makes absolutely no discernable noises while operating (even on FFW/RW the mechanisms are very smooth and quiet). The picture quality is excellent, and set-up was a breeze. For the money, you can't beat this vcr!
Got this for my son last Christmas. He is a teenager, and it still took him some time (1-2 hours) to master the technique to get this top spinning, even with the special spinning tool. This may be a difficult/frustrating toy for younger children. My son loves it. I highly recommend getting the perpetuator for this toy -- so that once they get it spinning, it will stay spinning for a while. He got the perpetuator this year for Christmas, and he loves it.
Yes has to have a conducter behind them to make it sound like Yes. Thank you Larry Grupe for conducting such a Yesish sound.
This is a very Good Movie of Jesus showing what he went threw for us .. ask him into your heart and he wil ask you into heaven !Just say "" Dear Jesus i ask you into my heart and to be my best friend forgoive me of al of my Sins. In Jesus nameAmen
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A BOY GOES TO BABYSIT HIS COUSIN, AND HIS FRIEND IS HIS COUSINS NEIGHBOR, AND THE BABYSITTER GETS IN TROUBLE FROM HIS COUSIN'S MOM, WILL HIS COUSIN'S MOM BELIEVE HIM WHEN HIS FRIEND FINDS MONSTER BLOOD AND EXPANDS INTO MORE AND MORE FUNNY LOOKING SHAPES? WELL FIND OUT BY READING gOOSEBUMPS #62 MONSTER BLOOD 4
The Benjamin has a composers' viewpoint more than other counterpoint texts I've used. He speaks (well) to aspects such as rhythm and shape of line in each chapter, never sacrificing the other musical parameters to the all-too-common primacy of pitch. There is a useful balance of prose to musical examples.Benjamin includes linear analyses of several examples. This provides a solid introduction to Schenkarian concepts for lower-division students, and yet they can easily be skipped by those who prefer.This text has a satisfactory anthology of JS Bach pieces at the back. This is important at schools where textbook budgets for most students are slim.I have yet to use the last few chapters in my one-semester course, but in a year-long sequence, they would be welcome.
Forget DVD, I'm still waiting for Beta. I mean, what better way to view this amazing trilogy then on the technology that was available at the time of the original theater release?
The book was in great condition and arrived timely. I would definitely buy from this vendor again! Thank you.
If you are looking for a manual coin sorter, this is a good one. I was eager to use this when I received. I poured my coins in (all silver) and began to crank the handle. I quickly noticed I put in too many coins so I removed some. Works pretty good once you learn how many coins to put in and how to turn. I turned it medium speed and occasionally it would jam. I just reversed the handle a little and that usually solved the problem. The other problem I had was determining when a wrappper was full. Dimes were the hardest, but once you do several times you can tell. Overall, I recommend this sorter, just be gentle with it.
i have a friend who usually wont leave the house without purple on. i am her hairdresser and she uses headbands to hide the grey hair during the last week before she has her color done. i searched everywhere to find her a new headband and came up empty handed. i even went to the fabric store to look for something pretty and still couldn't find anything. so i finally found this and ordered it. its absolutely perfect and she loves it. the size and width were perfect and it stays put all day. she loves it
this is a christmas gift for someone who loves JD equipment and the history of it. think it is going to be perfect.
My wife and I read this book years ago. The author and his wife embark upon a spiritual quest to disprove the myth of Christianity. In the process they become acquainted with C.S. Lewis, and ultimately find the truth about the practical Christian faith--through a severe mercy.We would like to locate a hardcover copy, but it is no longer available from the publisher. If you have one in stock, please let us know. Greg.
Received my peg shelf in record time and I love it. My complaint is how it was sent. They sent it in original box with no outer box for protection. Parts of the shelf were dented and damaged in the process. Overall I like the shelf and my trying to save time by buying online, I should have just gone to the store!
I am quite pleased with this watch. I wanted a G-Shock, but this is as close as one could get and loving it!
The film that launched a thousand 'schlockers' there really is no substitute for Americas's 'first' family. The transfer to DVD is a revelation as is the surround sound. What many reviewers fail to come to terms with is the dark humour. Hooper and co's narrative reveals rather too well their sadistic pleasure but also their nailed down political,surrealist sensibilities. Note the length of the chase scene, Leatherface chainsawing through his 'own' back door. The photography is stunning for a guy straight out of college and the whole production gels incredibly well. This is a horror film only in that these guys could very well be your next door neighbour right now. I prefer to see it as a modern prescient American fable......Hans Christian Anderson would be proud of them all.
I knew afer about page 30, that Dr. Lesser had the right approach and outlook for me. His book is so insightful, he nails the problem with regards to modern-day practice of western medicine and then offers alternatives. And not from some new age nonsensical perspective, but from a lifetime of successful medical practice. I need to read it again after I read his now out of print ""Growing Younger.""
Just got it. Tried with laptop (will use it with MP3 player), can't be better. The volumn is a little bit lower than when playing CD, but it's understandable due to the way it works. No humming sounds. Compare with CD sounds, I couldn't tell the difference. Maybe it's because of the not-so-sophisticated sound system in my two cars. I did some research and finally picked this one.Ordered on weekends and got it on Wednesday. Free shipping (with other items > $25), shipped by UPS, even faster than other paid shipment from other online stores. Amazon is really great!
We recently found out that the Mayans had a World war - Its true and it was found. Randy Redhawk gives us another way to look at Africa and Egypt, a beautiful and magical place centuries ago. This book is nothing less than a page turner, excitement, action and discovery!
Bought this game for my six year old and she absolutely loves it. We've played it every morning since christmas morning. It's a great twist to the regular UNO game. Downfall I would say is that if you go to the recommended 500 points it takes quite a while and gets to be too drawn out for little kids. Overall it is fun and helps my daughters with their adding since I make them add their points up in their hands at the end of the game.
Thank you so much for your smooth and quick transaction. The product was exactly as described and was just what I needed. I will be using Riles and recommending them to my friends. Once again, THANK YOU!!!!
I thought it was very simple but it was exactly what my son wanted he loved it and that's all that matters I was happy to see him smile
Sad it seems to be out of print. I find it useful and easy to use and understand. Seems more accurate and intelligible than most.
This is a very good book for very starting beginners, not for people who know how to play...
I purchased this to be part of a Christmas gift for my 3-year old granddaughter - I tucked it in with two cloth dolls that I had made for her. She loves playing ""Mommy"" to her dolls and also loves to read books with an adult. This is now one of her favorite books, not only for the story content but mainly for the illustrations.
....at first when i bought this..i thought it was way to big. BUT...i then realized i am glad it is not a perfect fit..and has some room because you really need it! I love how the other parts to the mixer can fit right into the side. I have the 5-quart mixer..I purchased the ""black"" one because i did not want my cover to get dirty. But these mixers are to expensive..and you need something to cover them. I feel secure that my mixer is now covered.
If you enjoyed Whose Line is it Anyway and love Drew Carey's Improv-a-ganza you will roll with laughter watching Colin and Brad in some familiar and some new skits, including the world's deadliest improv game- Mouse Trap. A laugh a minute video.
Susana's voice with Hinojosa's amazing guitar, playing traditional songs make this CD an ""invaluable"" experience! Recommended for those who want to listen at wonderful ""real"" music!
This is a great version of the NSRV to carry in your pocket or purse. It is narrow enough to fit in to a man's coat pocket but not so thick that it can't slide into a purse. I've carried mine for over 2 years and the leather softcover looks like new! The print is tiny but I guess that is inherant to a large book being but into such a small format. I do appreciate that this translation of the Biblical text used the original Hebrew/Greek, ect. writings instead of someone else's translations.
Inspiring book for anyone living with cancer or as a gift for anyone that is. I Have Recurrent malignant brain cancer and this book was given to me by the parents of one of my best friends who himself is a cancer survivor. I will treasure this book always!Buy it today! everyone could use a new hero to look up to!
For some reason this gum is no longer available in my area. I was glad to find it on Amazon. The gum was up to its usual standards. I will order more soon because I am afraid that it is discontinued.
I have video hooked up with component cables and have not tried HDMI yet. It produces good video and sound. I have had it for about a month and have had absolutely no problems. The menu and remote are anything but sophisticated. Overall it gets the job done and keeps the kids happy.
I have read a number of ""self help"" books and this one was incredibly solid and practical while making me understand that my wildest dreams are possible. Incredible!!
I've read hundreds of books and this has to be one of the best I've ever read. You follow the tale of loser Harry trying to find his friend who went missing on Rhodes,from the Greek island and around the counties of England. Harry has only done one heroic act in his life and without giving away too much this becomes a sad irony as the story concludes. This book is impossible to put down!
Its nice to hear something that's been recorded awhile ago to see how the trends of music have slowly changed over the years. I bought this as a gift. Altogether a good album
Purchased this folding camp stool primarily for use with my outdoor close-up/macrophotography pursuits, involving use of a tripod to set up close-up shots. Works out great for that. The unit is lightwieght, sturdy and portable. The attached strap, although not adjustable, is more than adequate for comfortable, ""over the shoulder"" carrying and the stool collapses easily, for space saving storage. Highly recommend.
This was a great hat. The person who received it as a gift really enjoyed it. Great service from the company.
This is a classic book and a must read for anyone who is interested in history or politics. In his work, Orwell talks about the life of a group of animals on a farm who decide to overthrow their master. After overthrowing they planned to start a new government which at first is based on the animals being represented equally. As the book goes along however one can see how certain animals abuse their power.This is a great book for many reasons but mainly because it is easy to read and understand the links Orwell is making to communism. Animal Farm is a great story and Orwell does a great job developing characters in such a short time. Do yourself a favor and give it a look
This dvd is hillarious! I couldn't stop laughing...I would definately reccomend this and any other Jeff Dunham DVD's...He is genious!
I am really quite pleased with my recent purchase of the Presario 715US. By looking at the stats you know that the processor rips, etc.. The OS advances make using the CD-RW and all my external hardware a BREEZE to use. I thought I might cover some of the items that annoyed me. The unit is a bit chunky in comparison to my last notebook, the I/O panel in back has a cheesy cover that gets in the way (why is the PS/2 port behind the cover, but the network port isn't?), and last the keyboard is a little unwieldy compared to my IBM thinkpads.
Heard part of this album on my Sirius satt. subscription, on the Deep Tracks channel.I was really surprised to hear such a good cover of ""Animals"" (Pink Floyd) by Les Claypooland his Frog Brigade.Its live which I'm not one for live recordings. But the performance is dead on.You can tell that they truly know this album note for note and perform it pretty muchflawlessly. So I decided to take the chance and order the whole album as what I heardjust made me want to hear more.Bottom line is if your into Pink Floyd and would like to hear a serious cover of the album""Animals"" done live by a band that is serious about the music and there performing it.Buy It!!!!You will be pleasantly surprised.
Patrick came and spoke at my school.After his uplifting lecture I purchased his book and it has changed my college experience. Every college student should read this book. Thanks mom for buying it for me and thanks Patrick for writing such a great book.
My toddler daughter loves all Patricelli books;)We love them too! Helping us explain quiet Vs loud to our 23 mo old little girl.She wants to read all her Patricelli books beforeBed every night.
I am a 15 years old student from New York. I have read a book name ""The Pearl"" it is written by John Steinbeck. This story is about a very poor fisherman named Kino and his wife Juana. Their son was bitten by a scorpion. They went to see the Doctor, but the Doctor dont want to see them because they dont have any money. Then Kino found the great pearl. He thought this pearl will make his family happy. But this pearl brings them many troubles.If you want to know more just read this book. You will like it and you will learn many things from this book.
After the manufacturer stopped making Carmol 10, I found this product and decided to give it a try. It's handy in the bathroom after a shower. My only wish is that they make it available in a 3-oz tube, like Carmol 10 was.
I have read the bad reviews regarding the typesetting of this book and I thought they were exaggerating. Nevertheless, I have borrowed this book (old edition/hardcover) from the University library and I thought that buying it was worthwile.When I ordered the book I found out that the book quality was even worse than expected. The typesetting is worse than a photocopied book; I even thought that this was not an authentic copy but a cheap one from a Banana country. Nevertheless, when you open to read the book pages are coming out. The hardcover edition price -$300$- is ridiculous. I am a postoctoral fellow in engineering and I cannot afford more than $100 for a book. The $80 dollar price is not justified for that bad typesetting. This is a very helpful book for a graduate engineering student but I doubt that I will recommend it for buying. I will have to think seriously about buying another book from Wiley piblishers.
Picked this meter up from Radioshack for $40. It was a steal. The meter is full of features.
Really enjoyed the movie, and will watch it over and over. Will Smith was perfect for the role!!
I read the animorph series and I think it's the best book ever. I would say to people who haven't read it to do so. In this book the animorphs enter into the past through a sario rip. I don't wish to spoil the ending to those who haven't read it soI'll just tell you, it's a great book to buy.
The book will hold your attention, primarily because the exotic setting and the wartime atmosphere make the novel a better read than the confusing detection process alone would have. The detective himself, an American in a British organization, seems like a fish out of water. More character development, beyond making him a blunt man who says ain't and seldom sleeps, would have helped. (Perhaps this is the way British authors see us.) Some locations, such as the Kit Kat Club and the houseboat, are used too often. Nonetheless, this book will get you through that transoceanic flight.
The coasters are beautiful and versitle. When they say thirstystone, they really mean it. All moisture was asorbed by the coaster thus avoiding white rings on wood furniture. I definitly would recommend this product to friends and family.
It always makes me laugh how critical others can be. Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon are not singers, they are actors. But I thought they did a fantastic job singing the songs on this soundtrack. Obviously no one is going to sound exactly like Johnny Cash or June Carter...and that isn't the point of the soundtrack. Phoenix and Witherspoon give it their own sound and should be appreciated for that. I give them complete respect for actually learning and singing the songs and learning the instruments. Some people don't realize just how difficult that can be.
In dark bars scattered across america in the dankest corners where old school punks gather and reminesce about the good old days of their genre this album will most definately come up. Milo goes to college is a top 3 punk album of all time.Right there with the NOFX's Black Flag's and Dead Kennedy's the descendents brought a sense of juvenile angst to the party. Milo auckerman's voice is perfect when this album was made and you truly feel his emotion in songs like ""hope"" and ""jean is dead"". IF you are a fan of punk rock/pop punk/or emo milo goes to college has something for even the most hardcore.If you do not own this piece of musical history then stop reading this now and hit the order button. It is worth every penny. RIP Frank Navetta( descendents original guitar player)
This selection brings out the best of Benga. Victoria Kings are one of the pioneers of Benga and you not only hear the music but their style also makes you feel the music, the emotion and the power of this great African Art.
I enjoyed the read of this book. It gave me a few new ideas. I often think I am an outcast at AA meetings when I have also have another mental diagnosis. But now I do not feel the same way.
A spledid tale that I read again and again. One of my absolute favorites and a must read for anyone who read and enjoyed Watership Down (Tailchaser's Song is even better).
When calories count I use Sugar Twin. The taste is practically undetectable in Baked or cooked products.I love it.myrdan
Luigi of course!His very first game(since mario took every thing luigi could have stared)and i have to say,it's ghostly good!The graphics,the sound(ya know,all spooky)and the gameplay!The point is you win a mansion and you get the adress.You walk there and all you see is a huge haunted house towering over you.A proffeser runs out to tell you""your house has been taken over by ghosts!You have to stop them""you get a vaccum and a flashlight.You also figure out that the ghosts have kidnapped mario!You walk in to save your house and your brother
This was a wonderful documentary providing inspiration and paying homage to those who help make life a little ""better"" or more enjoyable through the art of dance.
This CD is a nice follow up to very 1st Worship CD, Michael W. Smith is one of Gospel Music greatest artist. If you enjoyed Worship, you'll also enjoy Worship Again.
love it ,she walks great with it when i use it with her. thank you.love it.love it an my vida loves it thanks again.
Was a little weary about this purchase after reading other reviews. I got a good deal on this Cyber Monday, and decided I'd take a chance. Glad I did.On average I use this about 2x a week since I received it (Let's say December 1). I know it's only been 2 1/2 months, but it's going strong. If I have any issues, I'll be sure to update my review.In the past few months I've made cookies, breads, crackers, and cakes. Some very thick doughs, others not so much. I use whole wheat flour when I can, which creates a denser dough. This mixer does the job, and handles these with no problems.
The unusual approach to organizing is refreshing. Everyone is different, and Liz's book gives you clues to your personal style, making it possible for you to do your organizing in a way that will work for you. And it's humorous. I laughed out loud several times while reading it. And these things work!
This desk is great! 4 bolts and 4 washers and you're in business. It's made of solid wood and has plenty of weight. If you have a flat screen monitor, it's got plenty of space. Its great darkwood, satin finish looks like you paid a whole lot more for it. The only glitch though is that the pull out drawer gets misaligned during shipment. Easy fix though... unscrew one side of the drawer from its glider to free it from the desk, screw it back in and replace the entire assembly (just like kitchen drawers!). Great bargain!!!
Both USE YOUR ILLUSION are great collections of heavy rock songs by GUNS N' ROSES!!! There's 1 or 2 songs i don't care too much, but most of USE YOUR ILLUSION 1 are heavy rock bombs like RIGHT NEXT DOOR TO HELL, DUST N' BONES, BAD OBSSESSION, DON'T DAWN ME and GARDEN OF EDEN!!! I really like GUNS, but they really end after USE YOUR ILLUSION...
My tv arrived without any scratches or issues. Being technologically illiterate I was a little intimidated by the instructions but it ended up being super easy to set up. It's a little longer than it looks in the picture so you need more space than you think, but the product works fine. At times the tv may freeze and the dvd freezes too sometimes, but not enough to get you annoyed or frustrated. I'm really pleased!
I bought this to protect small plants from ball games and other activities. Works well so far--keeps plants from being crushed. Still think it to be very expensive for what it is though.
I had seen this on PBS and had to have it. Lots of good music and great artists to perform.
Total number of reproductions is 606, all selected by Picasso for this collection of his life work. Contains a classified catalog; Picasso's signatures; List of works reproduced in this rare book; Documents; Biographical summary; Bibliography; Index of names. In 524 pages, this book goes through the ""periods"" in Picasso's work. This is a very special and RARE book to be treasured.
This fits the Apple Macbook fairly well and seems to be well built to last. I am using this on a desktop and not my lap. The heat generated by the Intel CPU is not sufficiently disipated by the built in heatsinks and fans in the Apple Macbook in my opinion. Your hard drive can fail as a result of all the heat build up. This laptop cooler will help some and may increase the life expectancy of your system. However, be sure you back up your laptops as Macbooks are prone to hard drive failure in my opinion. If your data is very valuable consider a RAID 1 mirrored drive setup ""optibay"" from MCE Technology so that if one drive fails completely you have an duplicate data source image from which to easily recover from.
A collection of controversial and infamous mondo documentary films from the 60's and are quite educational yet disturbing at times. Long before ""Faces of Death"", there was these Italian imports that have become grindhouse theater favorites over the years, sure there are scenes of graphic animal mutilation, war footage, executions, casual information of different cultures around the world, subject of racism, bug eating, and that kind of thing.If you can handle some of the subject matter in this movie, you'll be pleasantly suprised of how entertaining and informative these movies are. Better than ""Faces of Death"", these are a must have for the collectors of documentaries and horror alike!
I wasn't expecting much when I bought this, but for some weird reason I really like it, songs and all. Sort of sweet and corny. ""Where there's a whip, there's a way. . .""--that did make me laugh, I'm waiting for the extended dance version of that one. Also I did shudder every time Kasey Kasem said anything, but other than that I actually enjoyed it.
The previous reviewer uses this review to express her own political biases that have little to do with this book. Rabinovich is a pro- peace liberal, you are not if you prefer Sharansky. I don't know what Malter's credentials are but a consensus is building that conservative Israelis killed the Oslo Accords not Arafat. It was a bad deal for everyone. There will never be a two state solution as long as the haredim control Jerusalem and the IDF generals control the government. Most politically active Israelis don't want peace because no one (not even the US)can make them accept the Palestinians as equals deserving rights to live where they were born.
A true ""desert island"" tome, GEB will put more wrinkles in your brain with every page you struggle to understand. That struggle is more fulfilling than frustrating, as Hofstadter steadily leads you down a path marked ""Artificial Intelligence"" to the true destination of Real Intelligence. You will probably want to read it several times, but this book will change the way you think about the way you think.
I saw the televison version today. A rather simple documentary. No political stuff. Although the climate crisis is no longer disputed, the movie could use help from visual reinforcement and heavy bombardment of scientific evidence. i hope the DVD will go deeper on the scientists' proposals to solve the problem.As to personal experience, when i was in Beijing, i read ""THE HEAT IS ON"". The weather there is indeed getting hotter year by year. Now i'm in Dubai, the weather is getting cooler. Different parts of a whole picture, i guess.
this movie is awseome it really shows the brother hood between 2 cops. plus there is alot of action so that is good 2. but the ending of the movie really sucks and i wish they did not make it end they why they did
Lots of good info in this book. Definately a man that knew alot about the trout and streams he fished.
My sons comment: I love this costume and I will wear it forever even when am old. I love it and wish never to sell it. Its perfect for Halloween and stuff.
Enjoyed by the whole family. It's fun and exciting and sprinkled with history. No steamy sexy stuff that would stop younger viewers from beng able to watch.
This stuff smells pretty good. I don't know how to really review a cologne, you should prolly just smell it for yourself.
I grew up watching shows like Bobby's World, and now my son Dj can watch it growing up also. The DVD got here fast and in great condition. I couldn't be more pleased.
This was the only baby book we decided to buy instead of borrowing from the library. The best feature in this book are the trend charts that show how popular a name has been over the years. I liked it because it is not one of those super thick baby name books that was overwhelming. Recommend!
The chilling story as told by detective Bugliosi will scare and shock you to your utmost. There is an eerie sense all about you that keeps you wondering how such diabolocal people could exist in this world. In all its gorey details and brutally honest depiction of the Manson ""Family"" Bugliosi does not shield the reader from the horrrid acts committed. He is forthright in his personal fellings toward the murders and his perception of the Manson ""Family"" including their theology that ""Helter Skelter"", the final war between the balcks and the whites, is the most outrageous in all of history, which made everything in connection to the murders just as strange.
Actually, this is new only to some sectors of the English-speaking canon, and its popularization in English-speaking countries. The rest of the world has clearly always known that: a)Greek (""Byzantine"") novels, as well as the works of Lucian and Apuleius hold the seeds of the modern novel; b) the Italian novella established some of its canonic structural characteristics, and c) Cervantes and the Spanish picaresque did the same thing as Richardson, Defoe, Sterne, and Fielding, only 100 years before them.
This flashlight seems to be very cheaply built. It is very light-weight, especially compared to the flashlight that I have that is the same size and shape as this one. Having said that, It works without any problems and is very bright. It has one more led than my other light that I bought at ACE, so it is brighter.
I bought this for a phone interview I was doing. Along with the Olympus Telephone Pickup adapter I was able to record our conversation with ease and the end result was a clear recorded conversation. My only disappointment was that on a different site it said this unit could download its files to my PC, which it can't.
I was skeptical that this would work because of the difference in impedance between the headphone jack and the RCA audio jacks. However, this works perfectly. No hum or other unwanted sounds are added to the audio signal.
A nice solid product that does exactly what is designed to do! Would buy from this product again. I recommend this item.
After surviving a assasination plot by his homeroom (they tried to mix a cockroach into his food), GTO's job is in trouble. In the previous volume GTO helped one of his students named Noboru Yoshikawa take revenge on a trio of girls who abused and humiliated him. One of the girls told her influential mom about what he did and she is out for his blood. After that crisis Gto continues to try to win over the hearts and minds of Class 4, especially the constant hostility of its ringleader, Kunio Murai. It doesn't help that he has a thing for Kunio's young and beautiful mother. The thing about Gto that makes it funny is that he considers himself a pervert but he's nothing compared to the principal who longs for his own daughter or the track coach who is just there to check out girl's legs. Put into the mileiu of what he THINKS he is, Gto finds out that his lust is replaced by caring for his students. Another volume in a very entertaining series.
Bring tissues. This play is so well written and such a difficult subject that people in today's society deal with every day, Suicide. Marsha Norman tries to help you understand both sides of situation when dealing with a plan suicide and how it effects relationships.
This best of Enya could just as well be labeled as Best of Enya Volume One. Her best earlier works are here including ""Orinoco Flow"" and ""Caribbean Blue"". If one is considering adding Enya's unique style of music to their library, this is a great place to begin. With Enya still in the music making business, I someday soon look forward to ""The Best Of Enya, Volume Two"", and I am willing to bet I am not alone. The second best Irish artist of all time (U2 being #1) will continue to have her music in my CD player frequently!
This compilation is all of our favorite Marine Corps PT cadences, remixed into a really creative Hip Hop collection. I recommend this for all current and retired Marines who appreciate(d) our sessions of motivated gut-busting. Check it out!Motivate, dedicate, semper fi!
I like this book and plan on reading it again.I like all the books by Amanda Ashley that I have read. So far I haven't found one that I didn't like.She is a great writer.
James Bradley has written an excellent book about the lives of the six flagraisers in the most famous photograph of all time. I thought this was very well done, in most books you get a general overview of the story or the story as one person perceived it. In this book you find out the history of all six people from the day they were born until the present day. Some would be dead a day or two after the photo was taken.James Bradley's father was the figure in the center of the photograph - his father never wanted to talk about Iwo Jima & felt the real heroes were the ones who died on Iwo Jima. I learned a lot from reading this book. A movie based on the book & directed by Clint Eastwood is coming out later this summer. I think this story should transfer well to the big screen.
If you have a USM I would highly suggest having a row counter- in fact I have 2 which makes big projects with striping, lace patterns etc. much easier. The only issue I have ever had with the row counter is that you must make sure it securely attached to the back of the machine and a few times when I was in the ""knitting zone"" my yarn has gotten stuck in the little toggle or on the knobs of the row counter.
I purchased this CD for a friend that had the orginal album many years ago and could no longer play it do to damage. He was thrilled to get the CD and said it was just as good as he remembered it.
bought this for my granddaughter as a Christmas present...originally wanted to buy an Ipod, but my daughter felt that she was too young for that...was blown away by the clarity of the unit...also instructions in the manual were straight to the point...i highly recommend this keeper...only caveat was that this unit normally doesn't contain the flash memory(this vendor, J & R Music,included a 512 SD card as a promotion)...you can purchase this unit for half the price i paid at Computer Geeks sans card.....
The Age of Empires series is in many ways the founding farther of RTS games. If you have never played the game before and are thinking of buying, don't expect command and conquer sort of graphics, because this game is now fairly old. If you have an appreciation for RTS and want to play where it all started, then give this game a go. The game play is addictive and fun and the scenario editor is really easy to use and top notch. The game is super easy to pick up and play and there are many different fun factions to play as. Well worth the money.
This is a very easy camera/12V power supply, plugs into any 110 outlet, then just hookup to you're camera's! Really great price!
The words that grace the pages of Noah benShea's ""The Journey to Greatness"" are like time release capsules for mental and spiritual health. Simple in presentation - and unremarkable on first pass - once ingested and absorbed his insights provide the reader with a continuous experience of `ah-hah'.The gift of the book rests not so much in its provision of a new perspective - but in its ability to re-awaken a truth deeply engrained within each of us - and that is the human potential to be great, a greatness that finds foundation not in acquisition, nor accomplishment but Being!
Purchased the Best Behavior Books to use with k-1 students for a quiet, thinking, reflecting spot; they are sturdy and have a good message.
One day a number of years ago, Ms. Werthman sat down to write and so began the tome here-mentioned; it wasn't a plan, scheme, or anything designed to compete on any market. What started went on with additional sessions over the coming weeks and slowly emerged into a Collection of Messages from various Entities having something valuable and important to share with humankind, some of whom have appeared in other sources and/or have channeled via other hosts. Like so many ""little"" books, this one is loaded -- big things continue to come in small packages! I acquired my copy more than five years ago and reread portions of it still, as the messages are quite profound; I find that I seem to get the message I need when I most need it. Easily one of the greatest treasures I have ever happened across, I would recommend this book to anyone open enough to listen, contemplate and think for themselves.
Well the first one I recieved broke during its first use. It snapped at the base and the base was not flat and the whole thing wobbled. A quick e-mail to the seller resulted in a new one arriving within the week, free of charge and was of much better quality. I must have just gotten a defective one the first go round. Anyway, very satisfied with the seller and the product.
This is a beautiful book. For anyone who is in the ""helping"" profession, this book outlines what to do, say, and avoid when ministering to others in a life crisis. Simply flip to the section you need; hospital visits, illness, job change, depression, moving, loss of a pet, etc and find the precise way to help the person who is hurting. The Art of Helping is a treasured resource that I'm thankful to have on my bookshelf.For insights and practical help in parenting, see The Birth to Five Book: Confident Childrearing Right from the Start
this movie is great. I'm a big tim Allen fan and he doesnt disappoint in this movie. He is his same goofy self. This is not an epic movie that will go down in history but a very fun and entertaining movie to watch from time to time
I enjoy this show and the fair price is a plus. I would really like to see some sort of bonus material on these releases. The DVD has a good transfer. I deduct i star for no bonus material.
This is a must have book for any programmer or designer who wants to write practical web apps that meet the latest w3c guidelines. Makiko Itoh's attention to detail and clear explanations about how a particular concept are applied across browser platforms is the best I have seen. This book will have a place right next to Danny Goodman's Javascript Bible in my programming library. If you want to know how to do the cool DHTML things that you've seen on other web sites, then buy this book!
I really enjoyed reading ""The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People"" by Stephen R Covey. Covey starts with the premise everyone is born with these traits and one has to practice and cultivate them.My favorite chapter is ""WIN/WIN"". Covey's premise is there are 6 paradigms of humans interaction and that WIN/WIN is not a technique it is a philosophy of human interaction. Relationships can be mutually beneficial, everybody wins! ""It is not my way or your way but a better way, a higher way."" This chapter reminds me of the ""Golden Rule"" (Do unto others what you would like them to do to you) which I was taught as a child.Another book I really enjoyed was Being Here: Modern Day Tales of Enlightenment by award winning authors Ariel & Shya Kane, This is a wonderful book of short stories that are all about accessing the moment and living a satisfying and fulfilling life.
i saw the documentary fat sick and nearly dead and NEEDED to buy a juicer. i was hesitant because I didn't want to fork out more money than I could afford for a juicer, but upon reviewing juicers I came across this one. amazon sent me an email about top juicers and this was ranked 7 out of 100. i was pleased because it was a decent price and it juiced a lot. i've juiced leafy greens such as kale and spinach and i was surprised with how dry the pulp was. i've recommended it to many and i hope this helps with your decisions.
Royal Philharmonic is one of my favourite orchestra, and they've done it again with this masterpiece of pop/rock re-works. Some track like Hotel California, Careless Whisper, La Isla Bonita are very good. And the others are nice also. I found myself listen to them again and again, although not as often as the ""Classic Rock"" and ""Symphonic Rock"" series from London Symphony Orchestra (LSO).However, some tracks are still not-so-good... Anyway, I think this one still worth listening, and deserved 4 stars from me.
First off buy the expansion set #394002 it fits in the case with #394001 making it a 10 pc set. I have used these to remove nuts, bolts, screws and studs if it fits in the splines it will grab it and turn it. They do what they are suppose to, the only time I had an issue with one was on a painted bolt but a light tap with a hammer and it bit right in, if you need this type of tool buy it.
You may have just hit the best deal on Amazon. Three, count 'em, three CDs. Cream Of Jazzy Vibes is three hours of straight ahead vocal jazz, some very tasteful work with 1970s horns and electric pianos, and some funky 1970s experimentation.Most of this music is from the 1970s. Look at my fellow reviewers track listing: you may know few, or none of the names. But trust me, this is tasteful, well produced jazz that avoids the excesses of other seventies work, while still remaining adventurous. Think of a modernized take on mainstream jazz with fat bass and more amplified instruments. The sound quality is amazing--if not for the warmth of the production you would think these are modern recordings.Not enough. There are two companion sets: one of funk and one of Northern Soul. Different music, same concept and quality. Find them and you have nine hours of music for under twenty bucks
The product is great, but I was charged for the item on 18 Oct, yet I didn't receive it from J&R Computer World until 7 Dec- absolutely unacceptable! This was my first and last experience dealing with J&R Computer World.
This is a keeper for years. Beautiful pictures, drawings and graphics. One of the first and best! Classic!!!
I'm pretty familiar with most other editors on the market, but let's face it, Xpress Pro ain't like most other editors. When a consulting project required some advanced Avid knowledge, I picked up this book and found it a lifesaver.What differentiates the visual quickstarts from other books is the sheer accessability of the answers. If you're looking for a tutorial based book, this isn't it. However, if you're looking for quick hits of information when needed, you'll find this book invaluable.
I love this tool. So easy to use. But mine was a little off regarding the distance between the plumb line and the reference mark. It's supposed to be 2"" but mine was 2 1/16"". Not a big deal. Other than that it is very well made and operates flawlessly.
NOBODY KNOWS THE MEANING OF ""STO CAZZO!"" IN ITALIAN? 5 STARS ONLY FOR THE TITLE!
The first time I saw Rent-A-Kid 5 or 6 years ago I wasn't impressed, probably because I expected edgier humor from Leslie Nielsen (Forbidden Planet, Poseidon Adventure) and Christopher Lloyd (Who Framed Roger Rabbit).When I watched it again last week, I enjoyed the film much more than I remembered, though Lloyd pretty much plays it straight, and the humor is all suitable for the whole family. Nielsen is very funny in a different way than usual for him, as an absent minded businessman, always thinking of making a profit (he comes up with the title idea), seeming oblivious of the consequences. Along with the humor the story gradually becomes more of a heartwarming drama, so I recommend this film for families to watch together - get some laughs if nothing else.
Just what you'd expect from Rand McNally. The book was used and had a few circled and numbered spots on the pages but nothing that inhibeted being able to use the maps.
This book was very instrumental in my passing the I.A. Exam on the first try! The book is informative and helps explain the many different aspects of studying and becoming a certificated I.A. Coupled with CFRs printed off the FAA's web site enhanced this books potential for understanding.
Promoting Rumplestiltskin is a good review and revamp right when you start forgetting what you need to do to get the business you want. Because soloists do everything for their businesses, the need to constantly work at making their businesses grow often gets left behind along the journey. This book was a quick and easy reminder of why you are doing what you do and I recommend it for all solo entrepreneurs. - Kristin White del Rosso, Pea Organizational Services, Inc.
I have watched Series 5 and eagerly awaiting the next one. The twists and turns in Series 5 are totally unexpected and leaves one wondering what is in store for the next series. I highly recomend it. Keep them coming.
The only problem I had with this movie was that the first segment was too long. A lot of the dialog could have been cut out and get to the second set of girls more quickly. Because that's really where the action takes place. But once this movie gets going, it's a thrill!
My barber used on me and he recommend me to buy it. I'm really happy with this clippers they are super sharp.
This book is basically the Atheist Bible. Shermer uses evidence from many fields of social science, even from the Bible itself, and statistics of self-proclaimed Christian pollsters to present to us that morality was not of divine influence, but rather evolved just like physical attributions. It's a science text, so most of everything is presented in a concise, well-proven manner.Shermer's second most important point presented to the reader is that religiosity and morality are not hand-in-hand, but rather, as one increases, the other decreases, as he demonstrates using polls from Christian organizations, comparing the divorce rate of athiests and agnostics (14%)and self-proclaimed Christians (17%). He also states that religious people have a higher rate of possessing less-desirable personality traits, such as authoritarianism.For anyone searching for a scientific truth to the human state, look no further than this book.
Great Album to have of The 80's rock scene. Starts off with ""Send Her to Me"" nice hook and beat, then the Awesome Anthem ""Turn Up the Radio"", and this album keeps rocking to the end with a bonus remix of ""Turn Up the Radio"". Loaded with catchy hooks and great musicianship, a quality remaster and nice insert booklet with pics and notes on bands history. Great Value.
After reading ""No Disrespect"", I anxiously awaited the release of Souljah's second novel. In both, I think she gives great attention to the transgenerational conditioning of black women on the lower end of the socioeconomic spectrum. She shamelessly reveals what some of us are willing to relinquish in order to gain money, and the illusion of power and respect.The thing that turned me off was the Sistah Souljah cameo.The reason I feel it lacked closure was because you never knew whether Winter would get it together or not.
THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE. DEMI MOORE SHOWS WHY SHE MAKES THE BIG BUCKS. SHE IS EXCELLENT IN THIS MOVIE. SHE PLAYS A PREGNANT WIFE WHO GETS WRAPPED UP IN SAVING THE WORLD FROM EVIL. THE KEY IS HER UNBORN CHILD. SHE HAS TO MAKE THE DECISION OF HER LIFE, THE LIFE OF HER UNBORN CHILD AND THE END OF THE WORLD.IT HAS A GREAT CAST, DEMI MOORE AS ABBY, HER HUSBAND IS PLAYED BY MICHAEL BIEHN AND THE DRIFTER THAT STARTS THE WHOLE THING IS PLAYED BRILLANTLY BY JURGEN PROCHNOW. THE STORY, SPECIAL EFFECTS AND CAST ARE JUST EXCELLENT. IT IS A NEW TWIST ON THE CLASSIC FIGHT OF GOOD VERSUS EVIL, WITH A VERY SAD ENDING. GET THE TISSUES OUT FOR THE ENDING.
Having been a Tony Bennett fan for longer that I care to admit, I heard Tony promoting the Duet CD in conjunction with the celebration of his 80th birthday. I then checked it out on Amazon and saw that there was a Duets I, of course, as well as the Duets II. Needless to say, I had to have them both and am enjoying them enormously.
Gives you concise to the point guidelines about getting started in trading in financial markets. Reviews a number of commonly accepted investment ideas and puts them into a new and refreshing (as well as profitable) perpective. Recommanded reading for everybody who is serious about making money in the markets.
I THINK THIS VIDEO IS GREAT! IT CONTAINS THREE EPISODES OF THE SAILOR MOON S SEASON. THIS TAPE FEATURES THESE THREEE EPISODES ""PROTECT THE PURE HEART! A THREE WAY BATTLE"" AND ""LEAVE IT TO THE MOON FOR LOVE AID"" AND THE SKIPPED EPISODE ""COLD-HEARTED URANUS? MAKOTO IN TROUBLE"" ALSO KNOWN AS ""SWEPT OFF HER FEET"" AND ""BLINDED BY LOVE'S LIGHT"" AND ""LITA BORROWS TROUBLE"" THESE EPISODES FEATURES CHOPPED OFF SCENES AND A TRANSLATION OF THE JAPANESE WORDS THAT APPEAR IN THE SHOW. IT ALSO COTAINS THE SKIPPED THEME SONG, AND THE PREVIEW OF EACH EPISODES!
i could have sworn i dropped this thing more than 100 times, it still works as good as new, i only have to charge it every 3 days and i always listen to it, its light, easy to excercise with, and easy to use, in one word its amazing, buy it!
THis is one of Dario's best efforts. This is almost the best film out of his early works besides the Bird with the Crystal Plumage. An excellent story with some of the most exquiste sets and lighting schemes you will ever see. There is a gory ultra-realistic death by train sequence that will beckon you to rewind it several times to make sure it wasn't real! A great tale told by the master, read no more, pick this one up today and watch it as soon as you get it, you won't be disspointed especially if you want to know more about the master Dario Argento or what classic giallo's are all about. enjoy!
I love Max Lucado's books and this Bible contains much of what he has written in his books. It's placed where it is relevant in the Bible text. Makes it easy to study and understand. Also great for devotionals.
These chips are just what i needed to smoke a very good pork butt. They gave just the right amount of smoke and flavor. They did not overpower the meat and had a very good burn time. I will be using these again.
Don't expect this product to Wow you, but it is definitley a hard printer to beat based on its price. Basically, you get what you pay for. You get an all in one printer/copier/scanner/fax but it occupies quite a bit of space and I have never been able to use the wireless component to it. I recommend it if you simply want a do it all printer for a low price. If you are looking for something better rather than cheap, then you might be better off looking elsewhere.
I love these sandals- they are very comfortable but stay on my feet because of the extra straps. All of my pairs have lasted about 3 years, over which time period they mold to your feet and fit better.
My DH's favorite TV show....so of course, I started getting him the collection. Don't know what we'll do when I've got all of the seasons...
I had no idea that Minnie Driver could sing! I came across this cd on Amazon.com while looking for something else and listened to the samples, glad I did! This is a great cd, it has a great sound and lyrics. It is a different type of music for me, but it was definitely a good purchase. I have always enjoyed her acting, now I enjoy her music abilities as well. I would certainly recommend this cd to everyone!!!
All I can say is, when I first heard them, I was like, wow, this must be new, I've never heard them. My local radio station brough them to this festival, and they played after the band Jeremiah Freed... After the show, they signed stuff, so I bought the CD there. I've been listening to it since this Summer. So I feel proud to have the CD signed by the lead singer, just because I like the band.
The Torturer is about a military interrogator Rick (Andrew Walker) who has some serious problems with post-traumatic stress disorder. He sees a psychotherapist (Nichelle Nichols) in an attempt to patch up his psyche. This film comes across as a psychothriller, with some unexpected plot twists, that kept my attention on the screen. One thing I appreciated about the film was the ""film noir"" feel of many of the scenes. Both Walker and Nichols give stunning performances, and Mahsa Masoudi is a rising star to watch for. I'll watch this film again.
Simply put, this is one of the most beautiful and memorible films you are ever going to see. I'm not going to go into details about the plot or explination of the film, that can be viewed from one of the many excellent reviews below. Alot of people don't seem to like this film, and I think that's because they just can't appreciate its realness (there isnt always a plot or dramatic scenes in life, there hardly ever is), or they just couldn't connect with the film. I guess I can understand that. But for those who like out of the ordinary, beautiful, and isolated feelings in film, than you will love this film. The ending is one of the most emotional scenes I have ever seen, and it's not in the typical sense. Just the sheer emotion is enough to make your heart melt. This film has inspired me to visit Japan, something I hadn't really thought about up until now. An absoulte must for any person who can truely appreciate cinema.
It's true. It is the work of a genius. Fingaz is definately among the all-time untouchables. This is a phenomenal cd, beats, rappin, and all. Fingaz' work is definitely at the top. He has established himself as his own unique self with great confidence. I don't think Fingaz needs help from anybody but the guests on his album are fanstastic as well. There is not one weak song on this cd. I can easily listen to it from start to finish, and still want more. Fingaz' cd is not only killer beats and incomparable rappin but it has depth, breadth, and quality messages. Fingaz really makes you think. He hits you in the head as well as the heart. Now that is the work of a genius. His cd is not just words and music, it is life. TO FINGAZ AND HIS CREW, THANK-YOU FOR AN UNSURPASSING WORK OF ART AND CREATIVITY! It is beautiful! And thank-you especially for a clean version.-------An advocate for clean/edited hip-hop.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading Doctor No. Ian Fleming's spy novel's terrific plot, story and pacing made it hard to put down.James Bond really comes alive in a stripped down way when you're reading about him. Ian Fleming's Bond is not as dashing as Sean Connery and bears no resemblance to Roger Moore or Pierce Brosnan. I think Daniel Craig really captures the spirit of Bond as does Connery, of course.The unforgettable characters of James Bond, Honeychile Ryder, Dr. No, M strike a cord that reminds me of the Sherlock Holme stories. The fast-moving action weaves in important themes such as power and friendship and loyalty. Also, Honey Ryder is one of several Bond girls who have been scarred by rape.These serious issues combined with the wonderful and unique storyline and characters makes Dr. No timeless and a great summer read!
The first time I saw the show on Adult Swim, I couldn't stop watching in both shock and fascination in waiting to hear what Shin would say next. From his infamous @$$ dance, his constant reference to mr. elephant, making fun of his mother Mitzi's flat chest, his blase atittude towards Ai's obsession with him, and his equally bizarre friends (Penny and happiness bunny, Ai and Penny as adopted sisters comparing themselves to Ashlee and Jessica Simpson) I can go on and on, but you just have to watch it to believe it!!!Action Bastard says, ""Put Your Hands on My Rod""
""Our Husband"" had a good reading pace. Not too many descriptions. Humorous. Good light reading. Fairy tale ending. Enjoyed the personalities given the wives.
Here's a list of all the song titles in this book:Auntie Maggies Remedy, Chinese Laundry Blues, Fanlight Fanny, Frigid Air Fanny, Hindoo Man, I Blew A Little Blast On My Whistle, In My Little Snapshot Album, It's A Grand And Healthy Life, Leaning On A Lamp Post, Like The Big Pots Do, Little Ukulele, Mother Whatll I Do Now, Noughts And Crosses, On The Wigan Boat Express, Sitting On The Ice In The Ice Rink, Sitting On The Top Of Blackpool Tower, Swimmin With The Wimmin, The Lancashire Toreador, Theres Nothing Proud About Me, When I'm Cleaning Windows, Why Don't Woman Like Me, With My Little Stick Of Blackpool Rock
...I agree with the other reviewers, very solid, instructions minimal, not portable. A nice feature is that the degree of incline is regulated by steel bars with adjustable quarter inch pins, not a nylon strap. Which means precise control, as you gradually get used to steeper settings, and also different people could easily use the machine and have their own settings....As regards use of such a machine, I believe it is possible to injure oneself easily if one's back and stomach muscles aren't strong. Especially if older it's probably good to build up strength with the yoga poses: locust and cobra first, and begin very gradually with the inversions.
The Nun's Story, by Kathryn Hulme, is not a book that can be read in one sitting, due not only to its length but to the fact that the depth of its contents requires the reader to take a deep breath after every paragraph. This touching story tells the life of a young woman who tries arduously to become a good nun. Although The Nun's Story is not related to the majority of people's everyday lives, it demonstrates the beauty and the enchantment of a world which to many is a complete mystery. The Nun's Story is absorbing to the point of tears, a novel in which it is quite impossible not to sympathize with the character. Although it is said that Hulme's intentions were to criticize and denounce convent life, the book in no way creates that sort of atmosphere. It simply shows to the world a bit more about a very special world, and in all truth, this is done beautifully.
i got this dvd and i think it is great. sound and video excellent. wouldve liked it to be longer with one more solo performance each from jewel and meredith brooks. especially meredith brooks. and where is lisa loeb? really where is she?shes in the artist clips between songs. yeah, also nice artist clips between songs. the girls look great in this dvd. so far next to my david gilmour dvd this is at the top. 2 from lisa and one more from meredith thats all i ask.
you only need half the usual amount... . . whatever your extra would be. yum!try it you'll like it
El libro esta un poco desactualizado pero es la biblia de la imagen digital para fotografos A eso me dedico en mi estudio en Bs As y encontre la guia mas r谩pida y completa de todo lo necesario para trabajar en imagen digital. Agradecido
sir oswald mosley was a charismatic figure from the time he entered the army as a flier in world war I, was discharged because of an injury to his leg, married the foreign secretary's daughter, won a seat in parliament, changed parties, despaired of politics as usual and formed the british union of fascists in 1936. A serial womanizer, mosley was a brilliant speaker who mesmerized his followers. this four hour bbc production, based upon the memoir of his son, is beautifully done. it spurred me to further reading about mosley and his family. first-rate film.
When connected to the Olympus recorder, it works great. It doesnt obstruct the sound from my cellphone or head set (though it doesnt fit well with the bluetooth ear bud), and provides clear sound.My only complaint is that when plugging it into some other devices (like my computer's microphone jack) it doesnt seem to work... I guess I'll need some kind of adapter.For the price, I'm pleased overall.
No sh-t. You really will. I had tears running down my cheeks. They say laughter is good medicine....buy this and get the panacea of literary genius curing your blues with every chapter. The funniest being in Cuba...or was it Sweden... wherever P.J. goes or ends up, you'll be laffing till it hurts. Another O'Rourke masterpiece, written with sheer brilliance. Like I said in another review, he's the funniest man living because any man funnier must surely be dead. Susie Melkus
A good friend treated me to a show in Berkeley during this tour, and normally I'd have been dancing from start to finish; the problem was-a few days earlier, I'd had a traumatic crash while bicycling, with a trip to the ER. Assuming my wounds had been properly diagnosed and treated, though bruised & achy, I was unwilling to forgo the concert, but ended up hurting so badly, all I could do was lie down, restlessly trying to find a comfortable position...very disappointing. After another week of torture, I returned to the Emergency Room, got an X-ray, & found out my right clavicle had fractured, so I'm thrilled to have this DVD...
This is my first camcorder, and I'm having a ball with it! It's so easy to use, and I love the snapshot feature that allows me to take a snapshot image in the midst of recording, and it even throws in a little shutter click sound for effect! Maybe I'm easy to please, as I have no prior camcorder experience, and therefore no preconceived notions as to performance. But the picture looks great, and the sound is decent. I'm basically just using this for family purposes, and it serves me well!
just got one of these babies for myself. For a start, playing older flight simulations like X-Wing and Rogue Squadron has never been better. This stick kicks... never need to take my hands off the stick once all the buttons have been configured. Configurating this stick is DEAD EASY!.... plug it into the USB socket and away you go....... no hassles.the yellow button is a bloody nuisance IMHO. get rid of it.Otherwise, this stick handles like a dream considering the price.
A tersely-written, succint and comprehensive overview of the human skeleton, including sections on analytical methods currently employed by physical anthropologists. These include age/sex assessment, excavation/recovery guides, photographic methods, stature/ancestry assessment, palaeopathology and population biology. Three case studies, from the fields of hominid palaeontology, archaeology and forensic anthropology are also included to add depth to the methods and procedures discussed. Despite being first published almost ten years ago, White's superb and succint writing style makes many recent publications appear superfluous by comparison. Probably the best book of its kind ever written.
Works perfectly for my bathroom scale. So much easier to purchase batteries on line rather than searching for them in the stores.
It's the best CD I have heard since their release of the Art of Drowning. Everyone should listen to it. Their music is differs from anything anyone has ever heard before. They have added new beats and guitar chords to make you want to get up and move around. Its energy is amazing and powerful. Get it and you won't regret it!
This is C&C's funniest film ever. ""Up In Smoke"" is really good and establishes the duo's place in the cinema, but 'Next Movie' is just plain awesome.I was planning to buy this dvd, and still intend to do so, but was a little disappointed that they did not include any footage of the deleted or alternate scenes. Those of you who saw the 'diamonds version' on comedy central years ago know what I mean. There were some extra or extended made-for-tv scenes that really filled the movie out nicely...not like this is an epic picture like Gone With The Wind, War and Peace or Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.Still in all, this one is a purchase.
They look great. I thought they fit tight, but along came a 40 mile wind and one of them went flying away to who knows where.
I have used this product for a number of years for all of my cars. it is great for the engine and it saves gasoline!
For me , one of the best series on sat.Season 5 is the best of all 5.I'am very disappointed that dish dropped amc programming.
This is a very dark album. Calling it ""dull"" as some people have done is misreading what ""twilight"" is. This is the time of day when things are muted and shadowy, lacking in extremes and definition. The album unfolds slowly, and once you get it, you won't stop playing it. What people call the best tracks, Major Leagues, Carrot Rope, Spit On... are in fact not the best tracks.
I bought this as a replacement for my aging paper air filter for my Audi A4 '97. I needed this as the atmosphere where I live is very dusty. A normal paper air filter needed to be changed quite often.Installation was done in few minutes by my mechanic. The car now idles smoother. I have not had a chance to check mpg or that sort. I dont expect any observable extra power as the car is a stock 1.8TSome advice: Please cross check this model number with K&N;'s website to ensure it is the right one for your car.
I've always been a Tom Clancy game and I like the planning missions out beforehand approach. However, it gets frustrating at times when u get shot in the head and thus taken out after just one shot. There were several times when I almost broke a controller playin this game. But overall, it has solid graphics and its one of those that is frustrating, but will keep u wanting to play more to overcome the challenges.
All of the books in the Bright Baby collection are must-haves for your baby/toddler. Our daughter is 18 months old and has been reading these books since 6 months of age. She loves the vivid pictures and she has not grown bored of any of the books.This set is excellent for the car and the thick and sturdy pages will hold up to your toddler's demands.
Rufus ditches all commerical considerations for this effort, and it makes for an exhilirating (if sometimes difficult listen).The DVD is a well-filmed live performance, though he comes across as rather catty in the off-stage footage. I'm not sure why a previous reviewer thinks Wainwright's ""gay audience"" would prefer to see him in a towel, telling the camera to get lost. Um, why?
This elbow support is great. It has helped lots. The price is much better than competitors. I wear if every day for about 4-hours and to bowling. I recommend it.
I went to an art college, but learned more art history from this book than 4 years of art school. I purchased this book to brush up before I took the PRAXIS II test for art teacher certification. I can honestly say that this book provided the right balance of information and art analysis for a test like the PRAXIS II.This abbreviated tour of art history gives you just the right amount of background information that brings clarity and perspective into each art movement. I highly recommend this book to anyone wanting a ""to the point"" guide to art history or a great study guide/reference.
This book was well organized, easy to read and understand, and gave good basic information. The healthy eating solutions are easy to implement in daily life. I learned some new things and remembered some things I already knew.
The Jeep Wrangler and Horse Trailer have amazing detail. Steering wheel turns the wheels, the hood will stay open with a prop, all the doors open. My grandson (4) loved this jeep and trailer and put all kinds of things in the trailer including his horses. Only complaint is the jeep rear door kept coming off when he would take the trailer off the hitch. Otherwise, most parents will love this toy.
I like the usb drive but it is not tough enough with the quick slide in and out. it doesn't stay out when I push it into a drive.
Fabulous! What else can be said? If you love his music you will love this! Saw Billy in concert and had to get it! Enjoy!
I am 8 years old and I love Calvin and Hobbes. It is the only series of books I read!
Good not Great.Product works just fine and dandy.Packaging was less than professional, and the battery was taken out/missing. Other than that, all pieces are there and functional, although to be honest I haven't yet given it a full testing. Overall, I would recommend this seller.
Will attach just right to the rear of a pilot 2010 suv with some tightening. You can either leave the rear door open or just the glass window. There is a small opening below the bumper where insects can come in. Just improvise by covering it with a big towel or trash bag. The base of the tent is a little bit thin and you can feel the small rocks on the ground. Get at least 2 tarps (10x10) to cover the bottom ground and inside base of the tent. The tent is big enough to hold 2 queen air beds and good for 5 persons (attached to suv or detached). Have not tested it during the rain though (4 stars for now).It took the two of us 30 mins to set up. Easy to follow instructions but will need a little analogy.I highly recommend this for family campers.
We were having some problems with our Win2k network config and I found this book. The NT ""Guru"" at our place said that the we had problems with the cache on the DNS Server. I didn't think he was right, and I found out from this book that I was right! I learned all about the client caching resolver and make the Know it all turn red :-)I liked the book because not only did it make me look smart in front of my boss, but its easy to find the info I needed. Nice TOC and the index isn't half bad. Hope to use it again to add another notch against the know it all!
One of the most underated artists around. Nesmith is a master of his art. He was a pioneer of country rock and a great songwriter. Classics such as Rio, Harmony Constant, Joanne and Laugh Kills Lonesome are here. Those of you who have never heard or seen Mikes solo work would be pleasantly surprised. This will always be a treasured part of my collection. Those of you who don't know of his solo work should give it a try!
These were more than musicians playing supper clubs. More than the top names in the field. These players were in demand all over the world. They were who you went to hear when Noel and Cole weren't in town. These are the great interpreters of the great songs.I'm old, nearly their contemporary, and grew up an hour from NYC, yet never heard of several of these. Goldie Hawkins, for one, possibly the most talented pianist among all this great talent.This is a 1987 release. I discovered it after 25 years. This phenomenal collection is a steal at any price.
I purchased this bag in Caldera Red, which is kind of a cranberry color. I plan on using on vacation and needed a bag that would let me carry my camera, passport,makeup, my husbands stuff and everything else plus to be functional and still look stylish. This bag should allow me to accomplish that. I'm very glad I got his bag, it's adorable. I think I may get another one because I like it so much.
Fringe is one of my favorite shows. I'm a big Fringe fan so this was great. I enjoyed every minute.
my daughter love seen this movie on line, she love so much that we purchase it ,it was fast and easy
When I first listened to this CD, I was enthralled by the strength and passion in TAMARA'S singing. She has a very mature or well-trained voice that is unusual to find in a teenager. This young lady has a very bright future.The only thing that I did not like about this CD and what kept me from giving it 5-stars is the overbearing orchestra accompaniment . TAMARA has such a great voice that the producer should have gone a little easier on the music, i.e., less is better. I would love to hear TAMARA sing the same songs accompanied by only a guitar or piano.
Love this show. One of the best shows ever. Bought the first four seasons on DVD and plan to buy all the Seasons on DVD and watch them all the time. This is a great show and the cast is really good together. I didn't care for Juia on Seinfeld as Elaine but I think she was meant to play Christine Campbell. This role really made her shine as an actress.
This phone is GREAT if you have trouble hearing on a regular phone. I only have two minor complaints that kept me from giving it 5 stars:#1 It's bulky. I got it for my 93 year old mother & she doesn't like it because it's too big & heavy for her. I then gave it to my 100 year old Aunt who loves it!#2 Theres a bit of an echo when talking. You hear your own voice bouncing back to you.If you can get over these two issues I highly recommend this phone!
This is the best version of the secret garden i have ever seen!I love EVERYTHING about it.The story, the acting , the settings , everything! I especially LOVE Kate maberly's , heydon prowse's, and andrew knott's acting. The three of them playing the role of the three children , mary lennox,colin craven,and dickon sowerby,gives you a perfect idea of how the characters are.This is the very best version of The secret garden , ever!
I love these books. I'm not sure if this particular link is for all three parts or just part 1. It is a 3 part series:""From Old Homes to New""""The Wild Land and Thanksgiving""""Little Pilgrims and the Red Men""These are well written, lovely books. My kids are really enjoying them- age 3 and 7 (the 3 year old is even picking up on stuff).We are using it for school- 2nd grade. Works well for CM method of schooling.
Planet Earth looks simply amazing on my 1080p LCD. Colors are bright and wonderful. There's a lot of shots from really high up (low flying satellites maybe) where you can see a river flow through half a continent or a delta and it just looks simply amazing. Planet Earth really showcases everything 1080p is all about. It's worth the money too because you get 4 discs for a total of 9.5 hours.
Oster 5712 Electronic 2-Tier 6-Quart Food SteamerWe had the regular size steamer for years and it still works good, but this one can do two things at once and keep them from mixing together.This has many additional options like using one or both levels,We found another handy feature if the timer goes off, it will kick in every few minutes to keep the stuff warm.Nice size and quality.Great buy
I like this film. Good pace, amazing effects, intriguing story that makes you want to hear more, it was the perfect night's worth of entertainment. Also, a worthy take on classical Ed Burroughs novels - the mixing and matching from the various books was imo a good thing, as was the new take on the Therns. The only downside was a surplus of schmaltziness but i guess this cannot be avoided in movies like this. I wish (against hope) that Disney will go for the 2nd installment.
Any rat fan who's expecting a Stainless Steel Rat novel with a straightforward plot will be disappointed. The plot rolls more like a Bill, the Galactic Hero story, but if you love them, you will love this book as well. HH takes the occasional huge plot jump which is a shame, but the language is as fluent as ever and every chapter ends with an exciting line so you just have to read the next one...
before i buy this 55"" dlp sony tv i have compare it with many other brand and between plasma, lcd, or dlp, i think i made the right decision.
My wife often buys me cookbooks that I wouldn't think of, with mixed results. THIS one became an instant favourite. Gorgeous fonts and use of color; perfect layout - mostly a photo on one page (for us visual-oriented males ;-), and the complete recipe on the facing page. Most important: very tasty, visually-appealing, and quick recipes.There is nothing in the book that isn't a photograph or recipe, yet I still think of it more as a COOKBOOK than a recipe book -- after you've made a few of the soups, you'll find yourself absorbing and adopting the common philosophy behind all these recipes. Even the photographs suggest new ways of making and serving soup.I hardly need the actual book any more -- I just head off to the produce section and grab whatever is freshest and most appealing.Favourite recipes? Out of the 60-odd here, I haven't found a dud yet.
The book describe to detail even a non-science person could understand. It give you simple and clear example of how to do the test, interprete and understand it.One of the best book of human pschology book I have ever read.
Good starter video for a first time trainer. Gets you and your pup ready for a future in hunting and basic obedience.
A friend played this during our weekly Sunday sister meeting, a prayer circle, and it completed the tryst. It set our minds ready to pray and meditate...calming and encouraging of healing, settling into gentleness. It is excellent music for intentional solitary time. Healing is the act, green is the color that represent this good work. There is a place in everyone's life for this music.
Sandi Patty's voice is powerful, clear, and full ranged. If you love big church like productions, this CD is for you.
I bought this to use with the Sony PSP. It worked right out of the box, no problems. I use the included adapter to transfer music and photos between the PSP and laptop.
Started and finished this today. Not a hugely long read but really entertaining. In one way Earl had a really hard life but it was also extremely interesting. Such a shame that you can't zip on to you tube and see very many performances like you can with a lot of the other guys from the 50's and 60's. The studio guys were really heard, but not seen.Anyway, heartily recommended to drummers and people interested in music history. RIP Earl and thanks for the music!
Jessica Simpson is personally my favorite artist, but she truly only deserves positive praise. For all you people who thinks she screams, you don't know what having a great voice is all about. Britney and Christina couldn't even dream about sounding like Jessica does. She does not sound like Mariah, she is just leading in that direction. Britney has not even matured in her new album, but Jessica shows a difference in every song. I can't wait for her next Album. She has an amazing voice, and she said herself, theat the next album is going to be a lot different, so mayby more people will be into her. I LOVE Her!!!
This travel pack is great. It's got everything needed to go with the DS. The think I like the best is the stylus holders that extend the size of the stylus and make it easier to hold onto. The only thing you may need in addition is a DS backpack to hold everything. The cover that comes in the travel pack is big enough to hold the DS and 3 games only but not the car charger or anything else. Overall I recommend this product.
Between me, Dad & my brother we have 6 gas chain saws. I cook outside a lot and i am surrounded by woodland with lots of wood to choose from, i take a big clunky gas saw and cut the tree that i want & drag it my to my Man Cave (shed) & use this little guy to do the rest.first off the speed & power is truly amazing. It is almost,if not just as fast as a gas saw.second, It is very light in weight and the oilier works great as well. I have heard some complaints about thekick back guard on the end of the blade but i removed that first thing out of the box. Just drill them out & walla!!no more guard in the way, It will not compromise the bar either as the holes are just in there for the guard.
You don't need to see the film to really apprecciate the value of this songs. Great arrangements and interpretations, and most of all, a feeling and energy you don't hear every often. One regret: Why only five stars? Deserves more.
This account gives a good view on what it was like to be an orphan or even a child, perhaps not an orphan, but whose parents could not care for him in the eastern American cities in mid-1800's to 1930.
I just got a couple of days ago and flipped through tonight. It is the best of its kind! Instructions and illustrations well laid out and easy to follow. Fabulous ideas. All very do-able yet not primitive. And the materials!) Love it!
I absolutely love Spring Break. I also own the video version and have watched it over the years numerous times! I even have the original LP which is an awesome soundtrack! There is so much crap out there today that is on DVD that I am in utter amazement that this movie is still not on DVD at this point! I am not even sure to call or write about this? I can definitely say I am another big fan of this movie!
Hello! I don't reguarly write reviews, but I decided to start since I purchase so many items from Amazon!In my opinion this movie is great for anyone who enjoys the Final Fantasy video game series. It is visually beautiful, the storyline is decent, the music is enchanting (I bought the soundtrack as well), and it's great to see all the characters from FFVII brought to life. If you loved the video game it's sort of a reminicent travel back in time as well, with a few scenes staring Aerith.If you haven't played FFVII and/or not a FF fan in general you might not get as excited as I was about this. My fiance sort of likes some FF games, but hasn't played VII himself, and I'm not sure he would enjoy this DVD as much as I. Some knowledge of the game is helpful in understanding the movie - lifestream, materia, who Sephiroth is, etc. etc.Overall, very beautiful visually and aurally.
I like this stuff. The dogs are incredibly soft after using it. Sure wish I could buy it by the gallon as I have 4 dogs and therefore I go through a fair amount of it. I just splash it on their dry kibble dog food and they seem to like it. Sometimes I wonder just how well it holds up to its claim of making dogs shed less. Dunno about that but they don't shed more because of it. But you should see their coats. Super shiney and ultra soft. That alone is worth it for me. If you love your dog, I reckon you will be pleased with the results. I've been using it for quite a while now. If anyone has a lead on where it can be bought by the gallon, please give me a heads up.Mike
Like everyone else I have had trouble with clogging up it's heavy, loud and all of the brushes have had their insides torn out but today I went to replace the brushes and Hoover has put metal ends in them instead of the plastic so these should last I hope Ha!, But the sweeper has great suction and I like the bagless feature and not having belts to change . So sorry folks if these new brushes work out alright I like my Hoover Windtunnel and I will keep it!
I liked this movie, the way they came up with the silver surfer is awesome, they didn't stick too much to the comic with Galactus but it was a cool flick anyway
I think Jeri Goldstein wrote How to be your own booking agent for folks like me who fell into booking bands.After I read it from cover to cover I began using it as a reference manual and it has helped me keep The Medicine Men booked consistently.I highly recommend this book for bands that are beginning to play out and for seasoned vets with a few miles under their belts[...]
It's refreshing to read a black man's naked words. There is no hype here, just pure, raw emotion that captures your attention and rocks you like a...dare i say it..LOVER. Mr. Payne's work is an intimate one! Buy the book - read it over coffee, on the train to and from work -- or better yet - take it to bed with you....
Interracial relationships impose special burdens on those are involved. Sometimes these relationships develop out of chance meetings or interactions. Some people are drawn strongly to those of another race. This book explores some of the thoughts and feelings of those in the latter category. Some of the information cited in this book is inconvenient for the narrow-minded, politically-correct dogma of ""diversity"" that is taught on many campuses today. It is a small wonder that the lone critical review is a ""professor.""
I've had other word processing programs, but word is the best! Haven't gotten to Excel yet, but Word is working out well. Great price!
Excellent spare for FZ28 Lumix,it charged within 2 hours and lasted as long as original panasonic.The price is also very good.
This lens is worth it, just make sure you use it for what it is designed for. It is a small and light lens, so is useful when wanting to limit the bulkiness of the camera. However, while it reads a 50mm lens, since not all DSLRs are the same as a film camera, the range becomes a low range telephoto lens instead. Since it is a prime lens, you can't zoom out and need a big distance to walk backwards to take portraits and close up photos.
...Marvel vs Capcom 2 and Capcom vs SNK are without a doubt the best fighters on any system. Capcom vs SNK is a dream turned reality as you get to pit your favorite fighters from the Capcom universe against your favorites from the SNK universe. A milestone in fighting games, two rivals unite to bring a great game. What are you waiting for? Go get it...NOW!!!!!!!
To say that Jacobs breaks new ground in an interdisciplinary study of Modernism would be more than an understatement. Jacobs has read widely and deeply across disciplines to produce an extraordinary account of the intersection of visual technologies and literary production. In addition to her adroit use of theory, Jacobs shows a fluid access to a range of literary texts. Her reading of Zora Neale Hurston, for example, draws on anthropological history to demonstrate the way ethnography helped to establish what we ""see"" as the Other. She applies this insight to Hurston, who trained with anthropologist Franz Boas in the participant-observer method, a method, Jacobs argues, that produced literary results for Hurston that were both productive and limiting. The Eye's Mind is a must-read for students of twentieth century visual and literary studies.
I had never read this during schooling. My daughter was cast in a production of Pride and Prejudice, so I had already been transported back beyond this era. I am delighted to have read this at an age when I can appreciate it.
I am using this book for a class. It is actually very readable and has lots of good clear information.
I love Walter Isaacson's biographies, and his telling of the life of Einstein does not disappoint. I enjoyed the first third of the book most, which focussed on his exploits in the worlds of physics, philosophy and academia. Beyond that, much of the book (And his life) was centered around socio-political issues. Interesting, to be sure, but not quite so up my alley as the theory of relativity.The book is a bit on the dense side, but no more than one would expect. After all, it attempts to sum up the life experience and extensive contributions of one of the most fascinating, brilliant and important people ever to live.
This album was great, it deals with occult like aspects a lil too much, but non the less this album is by far the greatest rap album by a group, classic.
Jim Goll is a talented writer with an urgent message. This book serves as a call for believers to devote themselves to knowing the heart of the Lord, discerning the times and releasing grace through prayer. It is a challenging book if taken seriously. It will stretch many of its readers.The author is clearly a mature Christian man whose gift for writing and personal walk with the Lord merge in this book and the result is a gift to the reader. I highly recommend this book.
The wrist rest is exactly what I was looking for. The price is fantastic and the shipment was immediate. Absolutely no complaints.
CamelBak BPA Free Better Water Bottle with Bite Valve, .75literI bought this water bottle, an insulated sleeve for it and a 1 liter bottle and am very pleased with all of these items. Both bottles sit right by my computer at work which helps me remember to drink lots of water every day and the insulated sleeve keeps the second bottle cold which makes fewer trips to the water fountain. There is no worry about any spills on my computer, since the flow of water is initiated by biting on the valve. Nice!
...another malcontent from the 80s, are ye?Just another in a long line of repressed, angry guys with mullets who can't accept that their precious records found their way out of mommy's basement and into the mainstream.5 undisputed classics are on this CD, while the remaining seven have their followers and detractors. Still a CD worth buying, though.
THIS is the one to get if you're not sure what all of the fuss is about MP3. The product was actually purchased for my 15-year-old daughter. When it arrived, it took her only 20 - 25 minutes to install the software and download a customized program thru the USB port on her PC. I agree with most reviewers that the supplied earbuds are not that good, but the problem is solved by just using those headphones from your portable CD player, or going out and getting a very decent set ... .
We just received our Samsung TV - what a great picture - we're very pleased. Weren't sure what we should expect from an online purchase of this size but it came on time, delivered quality expected. We bought it bundled with the stand that works perfectly and was very easy to setup - everything matches beautifully. Thanks Amazon! Also, the delivery company - Eagle - were on time, helpful, careful and took the time to unpack and setup my TV and answer questions - very very happy with the whole experience!
It's amazing to me that a movie can be so faithful to the original movies and yet be so funny. I remember this movie from my childhood, but had never seen the original Frankenstein, so I rented it on Halloween- and was disappointed. Young Frankenstein had everything that the original had, yet was laugh-out-loud funny. Gene Wilder does an excellent job; when I see him in another role, I start quoting this movie. A comedy classic.
We make pizza at home every Friday, We love it and plan on ordering another. Best word to describe is Awesomeness..
I had no problems at all with the delivdery or the merchandise. Everything works well and i got it in the mail within 1 week.
It's wonderful to get the originals and not the new edited, 'improved' versions. I like the originals; the bad back drops, BAD lighting and, yes, the same planet even - it's great to have the series that started it all.Why they ever designed these really CHEAP and CLUMSY padkages I'll never know. They're impractical, awarkard and, well, cheap.
A favorite pasttime of mine is trying new restaurants, and ""The Menu: New Haven"" has proved my best friend on every culinary adventure. No other publication in existence matches the thoroughness of its reviews and the comprehensiveness of its selection. Just a quick search through the categorized lists in the back will help you discover hidden treasures just blocks away from where you live that you would never have found otherwise. I especially recommend this for students stuck in the Yale bubble--if there's any reason to get out and find out what a great city New Haven is, it's to eat.
I love vol.2 Poodle Skirts & Poni-Tails. Hearing girl-group sounds of years ago..how sweet the innocence of the lyrics and music..this is a winner!!! The Dories.Chiffon's and The Delicates..how terrific to have them all in this neat cd..I also have vol.1 and vol.3..These are a MUST if you love the songs and sounds of these pioneer groups who started it all!!!!DF,FL.
I am a huge horror fan. And when I heard Zacherley. I had to get it.My son even can be heard in the car singing along. I grew up during the late 60's but this is for all fans of his. Zacherley is the man.
I was amazed at how well built the machine is. I weight 220 pounds and the trainer does not even move when I use it. It is also very, very quiet. I would highly recommend it. Worth every penny.
The arrangements of these songs are really nice and it's great to be able to have the accompaniment music for them.
not as good as the first, but very highly original. it is obvious that mraz draws on many genres in his music
This movie must have been quite a shock in 1939 when it switched from the black and white of Kansas to the technicolor fantasy of Oz.
I knew it wasn't a dream! There really was a Claymation Christmas! I do believe this is one of the funniest christmas specials of the 1980's! I always remembered this one, but I'm sure this hasn't aired since I was a little kid. In the spirit of Christmas I am trying to dig up all the goods that I can, because there is nothing better during the holidays than parking the kids in front of the TV to watch countless hours of Christmas specials! This one here is a MUST! Its got the CALIFORNIA RAISINS in it. Nuff said. Although I do also remember a scene with a pig popping an 8-track into his car stereo. Rad.
I love this journaling devotional book with its meditative, daily inspirations taken from scripture and the note taking lines below the text. This is my favorite meditation book ever so far. I very rarely forget to read it in the morning before I begin my work day because I know the message for the day is always exactly where I'm at in my life struggles and the positive affirmations along with some good orderly direction derived from Bible passages restore my faith and give me strength to take on the day. It is such a simple written form of staying in God's solutions, I love it and highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys meditation books, inspirational writing, journaling, and spiritually based self-help reading.
I purchased two of these items to use as a two way video system so that my autistic son would sleep in his own room at night. The visual portion works really well but we have a two story home and we seem to get quite a bit of interference from upstairs to downstairs. My only complaint is that there is no way to adjust the audio on the monitors so that the audio is clear. We get a lot of static so we are not able to use the audio even if the visual is clear. Simple solution was to buy a seperate inexpensive baby monitor and walkie talkies which my son thinks is great! Overall this system works very well and I would definately purchase again! The monitor has 4 channel settings so you can actually add cameras to monitor other parts of the home as well i.e. the front door etc.... I feel the system would work very well as is in a one story home.
The Binocs are Compacts. So for Compacats, they are very good. No issues at all with the Binoculars. They easily brought 5 miles into view.
Bought for my 6 year old. Good product. Easy to use. Would recommend for entry level guitar want to be. To have fun and to begin to learn. Would wish that the programs had more instruction. But we are having fun. Would recommend to others.
My husband and I love both of the National Treasure movies. We were happy to see that all of the same main actors had returned to reprise their roles. I heard that there is the possibility of a third in this series. We are anxiously awaiting that one too. Book of Secrets has all of the same excitement as the first movie. We love all of the clues and how the story involves historical information, although some is far fetched....but that's what movies are for. We strongly recommend getting this movie if you saw the first and haven't seen this one yet!!!
The food is realistic and my son has a lot of fun cooking things up, the little wooden bins are great for storing the food and are very durable. The only thing to watch out for is that some of the fruit is made from solid wood and if thrown could be dangerous to anyone in its path. Overall great quality product my son has enjoyed playing with this much more then the plastic food.
My color is hard to find at the drugstore or grocery store. This worked out great. Always loved the product
I have a lot of Anna Vissi cd's and I must say this is also one of her best. Every year her albums and songs get better, and so do her looks. This cd even has a video of Erotevmenaki. I recamend this cd to any Anna Vissi fan. This cd is 2X Platnum in Greece and has broken lots of records. This won best album at the 1998 Greek Music Awards.
These are all original recordings of some of the best country music ever made. Jack Greene is an absolutely fantastic singer. He has a voice like none other and this collection shows it off brilliantly.As noted by others, there are a couple other cuts that probably deserve to be here, but this is by far the best Jack Greene collection you're going to find on a single CD.
This is based on a Cheyenne legend as recorded by Richard Erdoes & Alfonso Ortiz, 1984. A very nice addition to your young reader's Native America collection. The clothing has been drawn from Museum pieces. From the cover: In this Cheyenne legend, a Native American girl creates beautiful shirts and moccasins for seven brothers she has never met. Before setting out to find them, she foretells that she and her brothers will soon be known and loved by everyone.
i love it, its easy to use, the music is orgenized so i dont have to search and search for the exact file i feel like hearing,pros: easy to use, looks good, light, good pricecons: no direct USB connectionsummary: o love it
He's such a great songwriter and musician--my dad says he's the best musician of all time. So where did all his music go? Did it all get lost? Is this the only album left? Well, if this is all you can get, get it for sure. Although this ""best of"" is missing a lot of his greatest music, it also _contains_ some of his greatest music. And please bear in mind that this is NOT the full tracks listing (how does this happen so often?)--there are sixteen, not seven, full-length songs on this CD!
The movie came to me in lightning speed, great service. And the first movie is so funny the second movie is quite lame. I would use this service again.
People always compare this album unfavorably to Tapestry and Music. This album is not Tapestry and its not Music but I love it. Carole King is a genius of a talent who doesn't need to top her previous work to make great music. Oh my god all I have to do is close my eyes and put this CD on and its 1972 or 73 all over again. Something about her mellow, easy, beautiful singing makes a man feel innocent again. Something about ""Got to Get Through"" really moves me. This is a piece of work not to be missed.
If you like acoustical guitar with a light jazz beat, you will like this selection. It is very up-beat and very easy to listen too alone or as a nice background when entertaining.
Hi. I want to clarify, keeping it in my hands, that this is not an Audio CD, but old and guess rare computer CD, dated back in 1992Copyright holders according to booklet are:(c) 1992 Compton's NewMedia, Inc., Quanta Prss, Inc. and Merriam-Webster Inc.Total information volume is approx. 58MbRequirements, printed on insert, includes: 640K RAM, DOS version 3.1 or higher, Microsoft Extensions 2.0 or later, VGA adapter and CD-drive, of courseFor installation on PC options are: DOS or Windows versionIt also states, that there was Mac version, for Mac SE or II, 1mb RAM, and CD...So, for sure, currently it is mainly collectible item...
I'm a felony probation officer. I deal with difficult people. I applied the clear techniques provided with an offender described for years as ""a real nasty guy...."" by previous probation officers. The technique worked immediately, the man expressed appreciation saying ""You are the first person in your department who ever understood me...I'll do exactly what you told me to do."" I could relate scores of other times these techniques have helped over the years. Rick & Rick's set of tapes is also extremely helpful. You won't be sorry you learned this stuff.
I am almost ashamed for leaving this with a four star review, but I must say I was excited when ordering this DVD and saw the set included ""Cause We've Ended As Lovers"", one of my Beck favorites from the 70's. Sadly, the song begins OK, but then suddenly goes right into an extended bass solo. Then it ends and that's it! Oh well, I'm told there's a good version of the mentioned song elsewhere on another DVD, so I'll seek it out. All that aside, this DVD is a great set of Becks songs with great sound, and that bass player IS dynomite!
I received the Pet-Tabs I ordered and when I opened up the package, the pills were all loose in the box. The lid was open and I had several crushed and broken pills. There was the blow up plastic bags in the box, however, they were not blown up and the package was jostled so much the lid came off and all the pills were in the box instead of the bottle.
I'me very happy with my purchase. The base has a good heft to it. It feels very sturdy on the bench when holding my parts for soldering. The little trays around the base are great for holding small screws and such that tend to roll off the bench. I bought thePanaVise 371 Solder Stationto go with the vise and the solder holder is great. The solder just rolls off the little spool. The sponge is worthless. Buy yourself a brass shaving tip cleaner. They work really well. This is a quailty product that I can't ever imagine breaking.
It's really pretty. The picture doesn't give it justice. Attention to detail in design and quality is great. I bought an x-small for my three month-old Jack Russell. I should have bought a small for it to look like a dress on her, but it will work as a sweater instead. I do not regret the purchase. Shipping time is fantastic.
This four pack of movies is definately for fans of Van Damme! The best movie of this set is Timecop, then Hard Target, followed by The Quest and Street Fighter. There are some great fight scenes in the Timecop and Hard Target, but if you've never seen Bloodsport (a must see), The Quest is very similar to that in a cheaper way. Street Fighter is one of thoose video game to movies, enough said! Very enjoyable if you are a fan of Van Damme or you watch it with friends!
Needed product for my college student assignments. Installed w/o problems. There are quite a few updates for software as well as others.
This was an enjoyable show that surprisingly uses economic principles at the center of plots. I enjoyed watching it. The material felt fresh, and the relationship between the two main characters was fun.I want to particularly point out that Funimation did a nice job on the packaging. The entire season (13 episodes) is included in one box, no larger than a typical movie. Further, the two discs contained in it, were secure, not sliding about, so they arrived scratch-free. This means a lot to me as an anime collector, because shows sold in many separate boxes cost a lot more, and take up an enormous amount of space.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Spice and Wolf to those interested in a sophisticated series in a late medieval setting. Technically the show can be termed Fantasy, but the show really concentrates on the personal and economic ties between people.
I first read this when I was about 11 or so, and it's still a great story. The elements of fantasy are remarkable, and even though I haven't read it in many years, I still remember some of the striking details and description. The entire trilogy is a must-read, although I think the first one is the best. It reminds me of some of Madeleine L'Engle's work, espcially _Many Waters_, another favorite.
I love this record from start to finish. Wonderful songs and beautiful harmoines. Steve Dawson and Diane Christiansen sing together in such an amazing way. Do yourself a favor and check them out.
This comforter is amazingly soft, very comfortable, but can get very hot. Everything is perfect about this item, although down is still able to get through the material somehow, but I have not seen any that don't. Overall a very good product.
This comes with little tabs so you can anchor down the liner to the wire racks. I don't think they tested it to see if it actually worked. It sure didn't for me. However, the plastic sheet is strong and durable and you can cut it to size. I cut the pieces 1/2 inch shorter than the shelf, cut 1 inch squares off the corners, and used clear packing tape to anchor the plastic down so it doesn't shift. This way, the liner lies flat and It works out great!
the clasic from the 40's a family watch clasic music dance love story and good deeds abound in this bing cosby fav
This cd did come as a suprise to this long time Cher fan. I will say upfront that I am a fan who buys regardless. I absolutly love ""Believe"". Hopefully we'll get a remix and not have to wait for the import. Todd Terry does a killer remix of ""We all sleep alone"". One thing can be said for Cher (that does not always apply to other female vocalist out there today), when she opens her mouth to sing you KNOW it is Cher.
We had purchased this same bike over 4 years ago and it is still going strong. My four boys have ridden this trike over and over and sometimes even fight over it. My youngest, age 2 1/2 can manuever it quite easily as the seat is adjustable. I recommend the seat to be placed high for the little ones as they can reach the pedals much easier. Even my 9 year old still wants to ride from time to time. (He is the typical size for 9 years)I agree that the bike is a bit heavy, and one of my boys struggled with that for a little bit but he's mastered it now. This is a very durable bike which has outlasted any plastic ride-on toy that we've ever owned! So I'm now purchasing one for my nephew. Oh, and before I forget, there is also a wagon attachment that may be purchased seperately which can haul just about anything your child desires.
It's so nice to hear RATM be able to rock -- and I mean ROCK --without being bogged down by the politically inspired messages so prevalent in the Zach de la Rocha years. The new voice the band has welcomed provides something of a rebirth and a cleansing of the messages that, while impactful, frequently got in the way of the band's musical superiority.
The cassette is actually a short story centered around a few actors on a movie set. The Italian dialog on the tape consists of their script as well as their conversations off camera. After every section of dialog (about 1 minute) you are given a translation of the key words and phrases you have just heard, then the story continues in Italian. It would have been nice, I think, to hear again the previous section of Italian before continuing on with the story. In any event, the tape is a wonderful tool for building vocabulary. This tape is not suitable for raw beginners. Buona Fortuna!
I happen to like the sound of these speakers not to much bass it is a good amount. I get clear sounds no static at all. I am happy with these speakers I wanted a decent set and is my first time having bought wit bass.I know they are decent for the price I was looking at did not want to spend to much on them with 6 kids using them and I got a great pair for a great price.
As a Christian woman married to a Christian man (for 15 years now) I have never understood submission. I was raised by a single mother and never saw the marriage relationship as it was meant to be. I asked elders wives, ministers wives, peers of mine, and my grandmothers to explain what exactly submission to my husband meant and none of the explinations helped me. Then a friend gave me her copy of this book and it finally helped me to understand what submission means. I highly recommend it, especially to strong, stubborn women like myself.
it is great to hear some jazz that focuses on the essential elements, melody and swing. This CD is a great tribute to the guitar tradition. The stripped down instrumentation and the acoustic quality of the recording(No AMPS ALLOWED)leave Steve and his trio no place to hide. They pass that test with flying colors. There is not one track that I don't enjoy and the CD is on the top of my stack. I would suggest this CD to anyone who likes great music. I would be proud to play with the Steve Greene Trio anytime. -Gerry Beaudoin
The reason I'm giving HANNIBAL 4 stars is because middling Harris is better than 95% of what the rest of us write, but that said, this book does not live up to RED DRAGON or SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. I think of this work as overripe Lecter. Less is more, but in this book we get way too much. The plotting is over the top, and villain Mason Verger is beyond belief. What made the preceding books work was that you actually believed that these fantastic events could really happen. HANNIBAL is more like a fairy tale. You go along with it but you know it could never be real, and so the story often feels more silly than scary. But if you, like me, are a Hannibal Lecter freak, don't pass this one up. If nothing else, the good doctor's recipes will give you a chortle.
excellent research and thoughtful insights of the letters in early Christianity. A good example of biblical scholarship. Well balanced and open-minded approaches.
Until someone else writes a better book about MAPI, TAPI and SAPI, T H I S book is the best you can get! If you need a book that tells you how to program in VB, buy something else !! We think, this book can really help you :))
Pros: This mounting bracket was very easy to install on our drop ceiling. And is also very user friendly to adjust the swivel to go up or down, left or right for an accurate screen on our wallCon: Did not have screws that fit in our Epson projector. I had to take our projector to a hardware store and make sure the screws would fit.Other than not having the supplied screws this bracket is very nice to have.
Bluegrass/celtic fusion, and Tim O'Brien's best record yet--the picking, the songwriting, the singing. Wonderful.
I first used this DVD when I was my fittest about seven years ago. I felt like the DVD helped increase the stamina to pursue other fitness endeavors (such as running races). After several moves, I lost this DVD and pretty much forgot about it. Fast forward to 2011...I had my first child and I had about 10 baby pounds to lose AND I was largely out of shape from being seriously sick most of the pregnancy. I found this DVD again and started exercising to it...just like old times! I really like this workout a lot. I do agree with the other reviewers that more cardio would have been appropriate and the cool-down is too long. In fact, I just shut the video off just as the cardio ends. I have tried some of Billy's newer DVDs and don't like at all. I am fairly coordinated and I just can't keep up! This is a solid workout though and would recommend.
Eric Jerome Dickey's second book ""Friends and Lovers"" is just as good as his first book ""Sister, Sister."" I loved it. You can relate to his characters. And it is filled with lots of humor, Dickey's trademark.
Footloose is a great movie and the soundtrack is even better. I purchased the album when it was originally released and I thought it was great. But now with the extra tracks it makes it more complete and grabs more of the movie's feel on CD. Like the addition of Quiet Riot's ""Bang Your Head (Metal Health)"" and Foreigner's ""Waiting For A Girl Like You"". This is a great CD to own for a fan of 80's music and of movie soundtracks.
This Is a really good book, I decided to read it after I read THE FIRST TIME by Cher because I really am into Sonny&Cher. It gives good details and he doesn't tell lies in it to make himself look good. A lot of the information is the same as in The First Time. Read it, and you'll know a lot more a bout Sonny Bono.
THe picture on this TV is stunning. We can't stop watching Discovery HD Theatre or DVD's with Oppo's 970 upcoverter.Amazon and EGL shipping (free super saver) were great. We received the TV in 4 days or so after ordering.No buyer's regret here. My only concern is we are watching too much TV now.
Well, here is finally the latest album from the revolutionary nu-metal band... but wait, there is something different here! Yes there is, especially since Head is gone, there has been a lot of changes. First of all, you don't go listen to this album to throw you in a bit of melancholic mood anymore, unlike the previous albums. Yeah, it's a bit sad, but still, what we have got here ain't an easy piece of crap because of all the transformation. Korn still rocks the tunes with this album. At least, it heals all the wounds I have got after ""Take a Look In the Mirror"" which really sucked! This will be a short review, since other reviews tell a lot, so I just have to say this: ""Beware, everyone. Korn is back in a different manner, in some ways better from the past, in some ways not. But do not skip this album!""
The long-awaited follow-up to Creature. This album has a different sound than Creature, but it is still a good album. I got this album the first week it came out, and have enjoyed it ever since. It is not as hard as previous Moist, but is very melodic with great vocals as usual. Underground, Breathe, and Alive are my favorite songs on the album.
Tom Hanks does a great job in this film. I loved the relationship between him and Hooch. This movie makes me laugh every time. Love it.
I first read this book when I was in the 8th grade (1960's). I am an English teacher and have taught this book to 9th graders for 15 years. This book has ""turned on"" so many of my students to reading. The best compliment they give is, ""The movie is great but the book is so much better!"" The lessons learned from TKAM are timeless: racial, sexual, religious, social and economic discriminations; child abuse--both physical and sexual; superstitions that we let control our lives; ""walking around in their skin"" point of view. This book should be read by both young and old.
To have Sarah sing Christmas songs is just pure joy.A must have for all Sarah fans!
This book contain intriguing arguments regarding possible connections between major historical events such as the rise and transformation of political regimes. In a unique way, the author addresses the differences between paternalistic and fraternalistic regimes and establishes a hypotheses concerning similarities between such diverse regimes as ancient Macedonia, revolutionary France, Nazi Germany, and revolutionary Iran.The most interesting section of the book deals with the detailed analysis of the Iranian revolutionary system. There, the author describes in a clear manner the array of political figures in Iranian politics since the fall of the Shah, as well as the political and ideological struggles which have taken place between them. Additionally, the book contains some predictions about what the future may hold if there are indeed parallel processes at work. All in all, the book is a quick, yet thought-provoking read.
Laurie Halse Anderson has created a character, Melinda Sordino, who shall live in my heart for a very long time. Melinda's smart and funny, disturbing and yet an absolute delight. It's a book not only for young adults but for anyone who's ever been to high school and felt like a neverwas, neveris and never will be. The reader will most assuredly care deeply about this plucky young girl. Melinda Sordino can sit at my table anytime.
I bought this set on Amazon about a year ago for around $140 after seeing its high rating on consumer reports website. I got it to replace my set of calphalon nonstick because of my growing concern about the safety of nonstick coatings. I have been really happy with this set over the past year. The cool touch silicone handles are great & the pans clean up very easily. I also love that I can throw them in the dishwasher if I don't feel like handwashing & they are none the worse for it. I also own a few pieces from the more expensive cuisinart multiclad pro line. The multiclad pro pieces are really nice, but in my opinion they don't cook or clean any better than my kitchenaid pans. I definitely recommend this set.
Once again, Dr. Bertice Berry has shown us that in order to understand the future, we gotta know the past.This novel shows us that love can be right before us and in order to see it, we must understand ourselves totally and completely. What a story of history, love and compassion.I could not put this book down until the very last page and even then, I wanted more...keep the story going Dr. Berry!
this is the best album in my entire collection, if i could review this album everyday it would only continue to receive an increasing number of stars. i recomend it to anyone who enjoys good listening. a stand out factor to me is how the whole album plays as one blending song from tack 4 onwards. if you like ""easy-listening"" metal buy this album. the use of synth is brilliant as is the varying vocal patterns. if you are looking for similar music try little known australian band alchemist (an interesting blend of mystical sitars and powerful drums), and devins other projects infinity and strapping young lad.
I saw this movie in the theater, and enjoyed it to a certain degree. It does lag in a few areas, but definatly worth seeing. Similar to 'Shrek', younger kids may/will enjoy it, but a lot of the laughs go to adults.The bonus features are only so-so. Not as much fun as other films in this genre (such as 'Shrek'). The 'Scrat's Missing Adventure' short was overhyped. It is not as humorous as it was made out to be. Another short film 'Bunny', is interesting, to say the least. It is hard to understand, without the commentary. It makes you think, 'Wow, that's interesting', and at the same time 'What were they thinking?'.The rest of the bonus features really are not anything worth mentioning, unless you really have too much time on your hands.Overall, the film is good. The 2-disc DVD seems a little of a waste, but the film is still worth purchasing.
I bought this book for my granddaughter and she was totally enthralled by it. She loved the pictures, asked questions about everything and, because I am a knitter, she carefully studied the different hats for the characters. She had to nap with it after I had read it-a sure sign of a great kids' tale!
This is a great book. It shows you a bunch of harmonica techniques, with hands-on examples, so you can try them out in a variety of songs. Very informative and fun to read.
Carl Henry's classic work speaks to the evangelical setting today much as it did when it was first written. It's interesting to see the parallels between the past generation and where we find ourselves today. It's a book well worth reading.
The quality of these sockets rival the best American tools that you can find at a fraction of the cost. Nice finish with no roughness around the edges. Nice tray to keep them organized and shipped for free. can't beat it with a stick.
The Combi City Savvy All Weather is a great stroller for walks around the neighborhood or a quick trip to the mall. It's light weight and compact. The only problem I have is it can be a little hard to fold up at times. Other then that, it was a great buy and I highly recommend it to anyone!
Having never read any of Peter Hamilton's other novels, and being rather new to the SF genre, it came as an amazing surprise to discover a story that enmeshed me so totally I could not put it down. I read the first part in two days, rushed to find the second part (which I had not realized existed), devoured that in a day and night, and almost wept when I realized I would have to wait to learn the fate of so many characters I came to care so much about. I have become a major fan of the author, such a wonderous story. I am definitely going to read his other works
Helped keep all the pieces together and helped when it was ""clean up"" time. It holds quite a few pieces.
Usually I find Rhino's Best-Of collections enraging, obnoxious, poorly-selected and otherwise unwarranted, this little box set being something of an exception. They really could have gone to a third disc, I think - there's a huge hole in disc 2 in the exact shape of ""Car Lights On in the Daytime Blues"" - more of Four Sail could have been added, the unreleased ""Black Beauty"" LP might have been represented (it's not like it's hard to find or anything -- you can buy the bootleg at just about any fine record store) as well as some of the freakier moments from his later releases. But enough grumbling, becuase what is on Love Story is perfect, bears listening over and and over again, I can't even select among the songs, ""Bummer in the Summer"" could replace the national anthem, likewise ""Maybe the People,"" and the so-haunting ""Aloneagain or"" (RIP Bryan Maclean) and ""August,"" and the 3 singles-only tracks, and on and on and on and on and on...
MI:3 was a thrilling movie. I mean literally, from start to finish, it was non-stop action. It was certainly and adrenaline rush. Tom Cruise is perfect once more, as Ethan Hunt. I loved him in this. For all you Cruise Bashers, get over it. This movie did extremely well. And the USA is not the end point for film gross.The acting by everyone is really good and its a fun guessing game as to who is the real bad guy. The first Mission Impossible is actually the better of the 3, in terms of plot. However, this film is certainly more entertaining and it just feels fresher. And for a M I film, I found it more believable than the first one and less confusing. And the great thing is, you really don't need to watch any of the other M I movies to understand this one. Its a great stand-alone film.
If you must have one true movie about thr true cost of sacrifice, then this is it. Puts names and faces to those that paid the ultimate price as well as the cost to those that loved them dearly.
I read Black Like Me for school... as a summer reading book. The title interested me. At first, I had an idea that it would be about racism but I wasn't sure. I investigated and decided I would buy the book instead of borrowing from the library or something because the topic interests me. This is a very good book seeing that it is a personal experience by the author.
It is about time that Americans open their eyes to the scary personal and financial relationship the Bush family has with these feudal Islamic fundamentalists.How can you expect Bush to protect us from terrorism when he hangs out with the main financial backers of terrorism?I hope that every American realizes what this buisness-personal relationship with the Saudis actually means.
This beautiful book chronologically shows Usle's development as a painter. The colorplates are vivid and show his color sensibilities. A wonderful book for any Usle fan!
I got this for my 8 year old son last Christmas, and almost one year later we still use it often to check out things he finds around the house, and in the yard. My son loves hunting for cool things to ""see up close"" and I love making our own slides. It is a durable high quality microscope perfect for a kid interested in science, and I enjoy it too.
A thoroughly informative book that not only explains the current Big Bang cosmology in a way that everyone can understand but goes further to provide a scientificaly plausible alternative to the current theory. This book will suit a wide range of readers, with the first part of the book approaching the subject from a 'lay' perspective and the second part (Appendices) providing details of the physics and mathematics behind the 'White Hole' model. If you want to understand the Big Bang and it's alternatives in relation to a Young Earth Creation pov you have to read this book!
I bought my 10 real book, because it was recommedned to me at an SAT workshop. I will never regret spending the money. Since it gives you 10 real, used before SAT's it is most helpful to the first time test taker to learn the format, mainly the fact that you shouldn't answer every question on the SAT. I took the November 2000 test, and I actually saw an analogy question I had seen before in my 10 Real book. (This is because all SAT questions are recycled). The book also contains strategies. If nothing else, give your friends and family a test you have already practiced with, and let them give it a try to see how smart they are. It will make you feel better. I highly recommend this book to anyone, especially a first time tester with at least 2-3 weeks for practice. I have used most of the other SAT prep books, and this is king of the hill, no need buying the others. Good Luck!
This is a great book by Dr. Howard Dean. It really makes you think about what it means to be an American and how important it is to hold our government accountable. As Governor Dean puts it, ""the role of government is to serve and protect the people in an honest and forthright manner, nothing more, nothing less.""
I have read other books by Rene Noorbergen and love them. As a Christian I have a hard time believing that God created men and women with a low level of inteligence. Rene opens up new paths to consider.
I would recommend this book for everyone. Whether or you like fiction or non-fiction, this man's autobiography is not to be missed.
I have a whole refrigerator door full of dozens of hot sauces and I love many of them, but is the only one I keep buying more over and over again because bottles don't last long. It goes great on chicken, fish, steaks, prime rib, in salsas and dips, and other ways I've yet to discover. Just try it.
I purchased these great little guys for my kids for Christmas as a stocking filler. I wish that I had bought three or four times as many. Nearly every adult who has seen them has just been enthralled. The gun works well without being too dangerous and the little ninja figurines are quite realistically rendered. A terrific present at a great price!
I like this movie, somewhat unrealistic as to the connection of the main character and his love interest, but it works for what it is worth. Love the ending, if I had an altercation with anyone, even after doing what they did, I would not try to stand up to them in fromt of his friends, especially when they are homophobic.
Most people know this group for their hit song ""Stacy's Mom"", which is catchy, fun and a little bit silly - yet great sounding. The rest of their songs are similar. Great harmonizing, guitar, and some of the most hilarious and ingenious lyrics ever. If you listen carefully I guarantee it will bring a smile to your face to know what they're singing about.""Bright Future In Sales"", ""Halley's Waitress"", ""Hey Julie"", ""Hackensack"", and ""Mexican Wine"" are all absolutely top notch.This is the best kind of pop. Almost rock, and with integrity, not bubble gum, trashy or generic.If you've heard one of their songs on the radio, and liked it, give the rest of the album a try, I guarantee it's just as good, if not better. I've listened to this album over and over and never gotten tired of it.
i adore this book, i had a cpy years ago and wanted to get another, now. wish i had looked a tad farther and gotton a bigger version. its sort of fun to have the old one though, for the memorabelia aspect, tho im not much on that sort of thing. i am TOTALLY enjoying my new and pro-FOUND seth experience.
this book changed me ... it changed the way i look at things ... the way i observe all the events in my life ...it wasnt easy to read at the beginning ... but this book helped me get rid of depression ...writing the characters names with a brief about each of thm will help you alot
I found this book to be extremely long. You read a climatic point at the beginning of the book, which allows you conclude certain things, but are forced to listen to Dr. Garnet try to figure out stuff for 304 pages! It was interesting from then on and I quite enjoyed the ending. So if you would like to read this story, DO NOT READ THE PROLOGUE! I guessed a lot of stuff from it and I am 18 year old lifeguard!!
Don't even bother ordering this product. Like many of the other reviewers - this product arrived as a box full of glass shards. The hassle of having to return it wasn't worth it. Total bust.
This movie is animated trash. The story was cliched, the voice talent's accents were insulting, the sound was substandard... and still it won an oscar. What a joke. Pixar dumped better movies in their dumpster, under their leftover spaghetti, than this one. And don't give me the ""environmental"" conscience, it just wasn't convincing.
The elements of business writing give good point to look at.But the book is old and sometime give weird information.It's not an important book to have but, but still have some info.
This product was a disapointment.The item appears to be a good stable feeder.But, the feeder did not even survive one season.The attachment between the bulb and the hanger is unstable. This resulted in the total distruction of this product before the season was over. The new Opus design does not allow the ring to pass through the glass. The result is a split ring. The material the ring is made of is to soft (ie aluminum.) The ring lacks durability, and allows the bulb to fall unexpectedly.I liked the thickness of the new ring, it just needs to pass through the glass.
Im not joking. I saw this movie last night and was in awe of how ridiculous this movie is. It has not plot no story and makes no sense what so ever. It's not even like those ""happy accident"" movies where there so bad there good. This movie is just insanely bad. Not one laugh for me. If you really hate some one and want to wish them pain. Get them this movie or rent it for them. But only if you truly hate some that person.
Waste of time. This is not good SciFi, it is explotation. I presume everyone involved had some very long arms to pat themselves on the back for getting paid for this. Yuck!
What a dissapointment. I guess I picked this one up because of the Clancy name, but after Power Plays 6, ""Cutting Edge"" I guess I should have known better. I only read about 40 books a year, and I'm really sorry I wasted my time on this one. This is truly one of the worst books I have ever read. Imagine 4 pages dedicated to describing a man entering a building and walking to the elevator. Or how about 5 pages describing a mother walking to her car. If this appeals to you, then by all means, invest your time in this 330 page disgrace of a novel. Tom Clancy should be embarrassed to have his name associated with such poor writing and imagination.
Fallen was a very strong album--heck, I was hooked halfway through hearing the first single on the radio. And there were a couple strong songs since (Broken and Missing come to mind). On this one, Call Me When You're Sober and Lithium are strong but overall this album lacks the depth and spirit of Evanescence's first offering.I'm not sure if it's the lack of a male vocalist, or the loss of the influence on the songwriting that killed this album. I'd rather listen to Hungry Lucy, Within Temptation, or of course Fallen than this.
I have this headset a while and it worked fine on my desktop. When I switched to a laptop using Vista the computer would not recognize it. Called technical support and got a recording that someone would return my call. No one ever did.
As a mental health practioner and former patient of one of this books authors,I would like to add a word of caution to all menopausal readers .One theory does not fit all This book and it's often sketchy theory does not adequately address the issues of menopause and periomenopause. If you are concerned with these issues and looking for answers do not waste money on this book(or these people).Get a good GYN and listen to what she/he has to say.
I was very disappointed in this book. While there are a handful of funny lines scattered throughout the volume, it lacks the heart, warmth, and empathy of Vicki Iovine's wonderful series ""the Girlfriend's Guides."" Where Iovine makes hilarious fun of the many ways we all make child-rearing mistakes, Mellor plays a one-note tune about making sure your kids know who's boss. Mellor provides us with a paean to discipline (put the kids to bed on time, don't buy too many toys, don't let them decide how many cookies, etc.) and her images of adult life seem to come straight out of the 1950s (grownups drinking cocktails; dads work and don't pitch in on child care).This book provides neither insightful childrearing advice nor humorous tales of parental life. I wouldn't bother.
I did not keep this item very long before sending it back. The blue thing holding the flutes together was just a toe separater...VERY flimsy. The flutes would have just fallen out had I allowed my child to play with them. The drum is small but I didn't really have complaints about that. My main complaint was that the product showed up USED when it was supposed to be new! There were HAIRS in the tape holding the pieces inside the box and there were parts of the xylophone that were missing. Yours may not come in this condition, but this was completely unacceptable!
Some bike trails in the Santa Cruz mntns that are touted are ON PRIVATE PROPERTY. The sheriff WILL BE CALLED. Your transportation vehicle WILL BE TOWED/CITED. You will be subject to TRESPASS LAW. Don't ruin your weekend
I had this vacuum for about a month. The suction was so bad that after EVERY room I had to empty what little dirt was in the canister just to get back some suction. I hated it! Not only that but the bagless was a pain! I had to go outside everytime to empty the dang thing because it was so messy! Not to mention that trying to get the canister out and back in was the hardest thing ever. It made even more of a mess trying to get it out and in! I did not want that in my house! I absolutely hated this vacuum!
Beware Buyers, this product is no longer sold as pictured. It arrived swiftly from Amazon's sub contractor, in this case Electronics Express; but although the box featured the correct model ID #, the photo on the front was way different from that shown online by Amazon. I tracked this down w/both Electronics Express and Sylvania; apparently the model design has changed and the old one is no longer available. It's the first problem I've ever had w/Amazon, which I've otherwise enjoyed a 100% happy relationship with over the years. Oh and P.S., my refund was handled swiftly and efficiently. I rated the product 1 star just to get the review published (no stars; no publish).
Imagine a world where your house was being protected from robotic dobermans with machine guns and electric fences and you were not allowed to leave the house, it would stink would'nt it? You would have to run away or do something about it. In Nancy Farmers The Ear, The Eye, and The Arm that's exactly what the Matiska children do. Tendai, Rita, and Kuda break out of their house on a forbidden adventure and disappear. Their parents call Africa's most odd detectives: Ear, Eye, and Arm. Their mission takes them from Zimbabwe to the most unusual places you would never imagine. The three kids get kidnapped on their adventure and find the most weird places and people on earth.
I too am a longtime fan of Johanna Lindsey and love the Mallory clan. I cannot say however that this book is worthy of the moniker ""A Lindsey."" The formula is outdated and not sophisticated enough. I think she has forgotten that her fans have aged as she has and the simple naive lasses of 20 years ago don't read as fun or fresh today. The tongue and cheek humor and swashbuckling adventure of Jason's and Anthony's stories have disappeared and the interconnectedness of all these characters almost feels incestuous. Ms Lindsey needs fresh characters and plots even in the historical genre.
Well, If you've ever read L. J. Smith's Nightworld Series (Or any of her books) you'll see such a striking similarity between the characters of Rhodes and the characters of smith...even though imitation is flattery who wants to read it. Props to the young writer but the editorial review had it wrong the characters were never anne rice-esque to begin with they all resembled something from a Smith novel...this could be Night World the Hunter.Shattered Mirror was alot like Vampire diaries. All the wiches and their organizations which*ahem* is odddly similiar to Circles Daylight, midnight and twilight. The list goes on...I'm sure that one day she will turn out something original, as she is a growing writer, and i'm excited for THAT book. Until then...
piece of junk. first one didnt work. replacement also didnt work! i finally took the second one apart and fixed it. a very poor design for the trigger switch. the kids do like playing with it, but not sure how long it will last.
The acting and dancing were absolutely horrendous. The plot didn't make an ounce of sense. I watched the whole movie because I kept hoping that the end would be worth it--it wasn't. This movie was awful.
What junk! I thought ""What a Wonderful World"" would be by Louis Armstrong, its not, but some poser who really sounds so bad, my ears bled. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM. Maybe for a penny, it would be worth it for the case, but outside of that, STAY FAR AWAY!!
Had to have been written by someone who writes text books. For a tech manual it is extremely boring. Has the basics from beginning to end. Recipes for glazes are dated as most are lead based, but it's an old book. I paid .18 cents for and it was worth that. My other books I purchased were newer and a better investment. I find it hard to believe that the asking price for the newest version of this book would worth it. Most of the information I was looking for was nothing more than a general overview.If you get this book don't spend a bunch on it.....it's Ok at bestThe Practical Potter..Josie Warshaw was not a better overview, but it was a more interesting read, and what is not contained in the book can be looked up on the web.After the reviews I had seen on this book. I am very disappointed. There are better books available, look around.
How can a book mostly about murdering be boring? By making it read like a catalog. Sure, the author was trying to set a scene of the self-absorbed consumer by using the style, but I just found it tedious and uninteresting.
If you're looking for an upper-level view of lean programs, this MAY help. If you're looking for anything that assists in the actual implementation of ANY lean techniques, keep looking elsewhere.
It will make your overall computer speed look like a snail. You will have to endure an endless booting timespan. There are so many issues and known problems in their library it's not even funny. And you come to think there was a time in which this software was considered actually good. Trust me, there are way better antivirus solutions in the world, too bad they don't have the same fame. Stay away from it, I beg you.
I had seen this book in a store and thought it would be a good bathroom book for my boyfriend. It was $9.99, however, it was a much larger version. Not knowingly, I thought the price was great online so I ordered it, only to be shocked by the minuscule size of it. Would return it but it's not worth the cost to ship it back. I'll just have to chalk it up to experience.
Very middle of the road found footage film.What I liked:The story was neat. It was really spooky and had a bit of depth to it.The shooting locations were breathtaking.The actors weren't terrible.What I didn't like:The movie felt really slow. I don't know if they were trying to build tension or suspense but it didn't work for me. I found myself feeling incredibly impatient the entire film and although I expected the ending (since they give it away in the beginning) I really wish that I got to SEE more. It felt like a lot of hysterical people waving a camera around at nothing.That being said, I'm sure some folks will enjoy this film and I'm happy for that. It just wasn't for me.
I understand that people will look at this and think of is as enjoyable but there are so many ideas of how to improve your game as to make it confusing. I would not suggest this book to a golfer unless he can already shoot in the high 80's or low 70's consistently.
The story is truely compelling and the book needed to be written, but would have been better if it followed the format of ""Skipping Christmas,"" a small, quick read.Instead, we have an edition of Dateline that just never ends. If you purchase this book, go into it with the understanding that every couple of pages is like hitting a commercial break. First, you read what you already know. Then, you get a quick promo of what is to come. The problem is the end never seems to come. I can almost imaging Stone Phillips shaking his head around saying, ""More on that, when we come back.""Sorry, Mr. Grisham, but this is your worst book. And, please realize that such a review comes from someone who owns all first edition hardcovers of previous books and I've taken into consideration ""A Painted House,"" a book I was unable to finish due to severe bordom.
after 1 Los Angeles rain, the tent caved in and bent the frame. Do you know what soCal rains are like? not forceful or very heavy. This tent caved with the weight of just a few pounds. worthless
I was looking forward to this movie. I was very disappointed, poor acting, poor scrip. Mostly an attempt at a missionary movie but fell flat. The title was misleading.
After reviewing this product, I have decided that it is not what I need. I am going to hold on to this book for other usage, but it did not provide the information needed for me.
I can't believe this would pass R&D.; If I could give it a 0 star rating - I would.EVERY time you pour a cup of coffee, (no matter how hard you try) coffee drips down the front of the pot and all over what ever you are pouring over.You seriously have to pour your coffee over the sink everytime you pour a cup.Horrible, horrible design.
Looks nice and that's about it. This thing won't take lug nuts off of anything I own. I spent 15 minutes trying to loosen the lug nuts on one of my flat-bed trailers with no luck, finally did it the old fashion and didn't even have to strain. Waste of time and waste of money.
I recieved my vaccum pig and it wasnt at all a strong vaccum. It didnt pick up anything small or light. It was more like air was blowing out.
I purchased this MP 780 Printer in May 2006. 6 Months later the problem began. The only color that the printer was able to print was basically black. All the other colors were barely visible. I contacted Canon and they sent me a replacement print head. I had to wait 3 weeks to receive it instead of the promised 3-4 days because it was on back order. Anyway, it worked fine after that. Now, 2 months later after replacing the print head, the same problem has returned.I bought this printer because it got such good ratings. I will not be buying another Canon Printer again. I have an old HP inkjet printer that I bought in 2000 and have never had a problem with it.
Bless the mother who takes the time to write a book to educate the world on life threatening, anaphylactic, nut allergies. That's got to be an endeavor worth praise. However, this book reinforces too many of the behavior's which gets these kids into the emergency room in the first place. Education, advocacy, and education - coupled with complete peanut avoidance - and overall compassion, is missing here.It's more of a trial by fire, and we're lucky Sam was still with us after the anaphylactic reaction - many kids are not as fortunate. It doesn't teach the public at large, true compassion and a willingness to abstain from peanut products *completely* in order to save a life. Until that is understood -- these kids are at risk in these facilities.
I agree with the reader from Canada. I found this book tedious and boring. There were simply too many people, too much chit chat, and too much tourist information. And if I want to buy a cookbook, I will do so. Now having said all of this, I have enjoyed other books in the series very much and so will continue reading. It is because I have liked the other books that I took the time to share my disappointment with this particular book.
I haven't worked out very much because there are not many exercises in this book at all and most of the tips are only common sense. It's fun to read, but not very useful or helpful. My verbal score was 65%. After i have read this book and finished all the exercises, it's still 65%.
This show is NOT 47 minutes long. It's just a segment from a longer show, maybe 11 minutes or so.
One of the worst movies i've seen in years. I wish I could have the time spent being bored by it, returned to my life. Definitely Vin Diesel's worst ever. Don't spend any pesos on this piece of crap.
Reviewer said that if your machine runs the first Call of Duty you'd have no problem with COD2 -WRONG (got ""alpha blending"" fatal error).......
So, I purchased this off amazon.com about three months ago, because my beautiful and amazing Logitech MX3000 keyboard mouse set got a cup of orange juice spilled on it. THANKS HONEY! Anyway, I thought, ""well, the MX5000 is higher in number so it must be better."" WWWWWWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!MX5000 IS THE BIGGEST PIECE OF DUNG I HAVE EVER BOUGHT IN MY LIFE! As I mentioned I gave it three months, but I wish to God I had just gone with a new MX3000 keyboard...WHICH I JUST PURCHASED!!!!Anyway, if you do not want to waste your money, and want to avoid frustrations that could cause extreme headaches, or broken knuckles from punching the wall....DON'T BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP!!!!!
This book is very mathematical and provides little to no intuition on how Adaptive filters work. Also many LMS variants are not discussed, but left as exercises and problems. For example, Leaky LMS is listed 6 times in the appendix, and 5 of those are problems.Good for a detailed mathematical discussion, but not good for intuitive understanding.
My wife and I gave it about 30 minutes and decided to give up on this stinker. This movie had all the professional qualities of something a group of amateurs would produce with rented equipment in a garage. Acting, dialogue, video production all stunk. The story line had potential but the overall poor quality of every other aspect of this film made trying to watch it a total waste of time. Very bad.
As stated, like listening to someone read headlines from the National Enquirer for 80 minutes. As is usually the case with these kinds of documentaries Michael Ruppert mixes a few facts with a lot of opinion to reach his incredibly paranoid conclusions. Only the diehard anti Bush/Chaney and end of the world crowd will be satisfied with this mans incredibly flawed analysis of history and predictions for our future.
Words cannot adequately express the disappointment I feel about this book. Ms. Ewing was once my English teacher. Any respect I had for her went out the window, along with this book.Unjust male-bashing predominated the pages of this book. The authors should blame themselves for their poor choices in men, rather than the men. Maybe the authors should look within themselves and fix their own character deficiencies. Better men like better women. Instead of wasting the time and money on this book, I suggest reading Dr. Laura Schlessinger's book, _The Ten Stupid Things Women Do To Mess Up Their Lives_. She offers help to women who want to lead character-enriched lives. When that takes place, the men of character will follow. Bashing men is not the solution!
I'm not sure who's behind all of these fake ARS Best-Ofs but if you're looking for the original songs, don't buy this album. They sound close to the originals that we heard on the radio back in the '70s but they aren't the real thing. Look elsewhere!
I purchased this toy for a 4 year old and hoped he would enjoy it with his older brother. It became something to bang with- on everything in sight! However, not much music ensued, and thus, I was very disappointed in its musical or educational value.
Buyer Beware! This is NOT the ""Heart of Rock & Roll"" CD. This in fact is ""Collection"", which has next to nothing on it. While the CD cover is the same, the track listing is not. I for one, will not purchase from Import CD Specialists again. I spend way too much money with Amazon to have to deal with this garbage.
I ordered a n.o. xplode, nitrix, and cell mass, but this guy sent me two n.o. xplodes and a nitrix. Very frustrating, I got about a third of my money back and a free n.o. xplode so that was good, but I had to go out and buy an expensive cell mass.
I never heard something so bad, seriously NEVER!I listen to the examples above, I like Avril - it's a shame some stupid chicks make such a horrible disaster out of her songs......is that legal?...kitty
This book is designed for Brazilian Portuguese but even with that in mind my fiancee who is Portuguese noticed many mistakes in this book and called it useless and said to return it. Save yourself money and look under European Portuguese if you are traveling to Portugal.
I'm not sure what they *do* work with exactly (and it'd be nice if there was some clue in the product description), but they don't fit these headsets.EDITED TO ADD: Actually, I just discovered a ""wireful"" non-Bluetooth Jabra thing that I had purchased years ago and forgotten. It plugs into a phone's headset jack, and these earpieces fit that fine.
I own 50mm f1.8 and this 50mm f1.4. The f1.4 is not worth in price if f1.8 is existing.Many test were performed personally. The f1.4 time to focus is not better than f1.8 (almost same time); the IQs are almost the same; f1.4 is much heavier; f1.4 has slightly better in color, higher built quality and silent focus.For those pros in f1.4 are not my favorite to count on lense. Many reviews mention this lense is not advanced than f1.8 (I hope read them early). I recommended to buy f1.8 and save the extra. Good luck.
It's my fault for not realizing just how small this teapot actually is. I thought about immediately sending it back once it arrived but it's gotten so many good reviews that I figured I must be missing something. I really wasn't. I get maybe a cup and a half out of this (no dainty little tea cups for me either) and the holes are too large for some of my finer loose teas. I end up getting a lot of loose tea in my cup and floating in the pot. I purchased a Finum brewing basket and prefer that to this.
within several months of purchasing started to wear excessively. within one year a hole wore thru from where my foot goes. i would not buy again.
This book is comprehensive and quite good for its' day - 1998. But it's 2009 and many aspects of producing have changed and need to be addressed.
Saw Mr. Crooked Fingers over the weekend in San Diego. Had picked up this album prior to the show, but it was too late, the damage was done. The ticket had been purchased and unfortunately, I had dragged a loved down with me. This guy rots, and so do all his albums. I can't even begin to understand how another human being could enjoy this. The music eventually drove us to the far reaches of the club, like mice being repelled to edges of the cage by high frequency. i had to gut it out though, for he was the opening act. eventually, it became torture. needless to say, my date and I aren't together anymore, and I can only blame it on Crooked Fingers.Back to the album, its folky, stripped down, occasionally rockin, and very repetitive with miserable harmonies. there is hundreds of thousands of better albums out there. DON't DO IT!
I thought this would be just the perfect size for a radio in my bathroom. It is. However, the FM tuner on the radio automatically resets to 88.1 FM EVERY time you turn it off. It won't retain your usual station, and start there when you turn it back on. And since there is a button to scan to the next available radio station (instead of an old fashioned tuner-dial), you might need to press it 10 times or more each morning to get to your preferred station. It's really quite annoying, and I end up listening to NPR for traffic instead of my favorite station, which is much farther down the dial. I would not have bought this product if I knew that ahead of time.
Beware of multiseries on amazon, for some reason lots of them with no extra features then the single seasons are 40-60$ more expensive then if you buy the seasons separately.That said monk is great
I just bought this set and boy, did I wish I order something else. Cooking.com is a crappy site. The set came with only 13 knives. How did I expect that? The knives starts to rust with a touch of water. Do not get this..
The book has some basic ideas, but I was looking for more specifics such as reassembly order and tips, which were not given.
She talked way too much and would have done better with a script. Also, the movements were easy and didn't help me relax. I thought the facial exercises part was completely uncalled for.
This is a sub-par novel for the author. I bought it and was disappointed in the characters and the plot. I have other Krentz books that are excellent. This, unfortunatly, was not.
This book had a lot of potential, but was poorly executed. The book description boasts ""containing comprehensive and informative information on the subject,"" but it's lacking severely in this area. I suppose I purchased this book in hopes that I would find a condensed version of some of BMEZine's articles, which are well thought out and full of information. This book read like a series of poorly pulled together magazine articles and often times, the photos occupying the articles were either misleading, misplaced or lacking any further explanation. What also disappointed me, and someone has touched on this before, any person who identifies themselves as a member of the ""body modification community"" can easily point out many of subjects in this book. These people are already well publicized and very vocal. Although they are extremely interesting, they no longer command my attention. This book was a letdown.
I waited weeks for the item with no success. A letter to the seller went without a response. It finally took a complaint from me to Amazon to get reimbursed. So I am still without the program.
I ordered this because I wanted a good knife prop for a short film that was in production at the time. I thought it would be sturdy but would bend if I made it bend. When I received it, I was very disappointed. It was very flimsy and would look extremely unrealistic in the short film (not saying that my film was realistic towards its intention at all) and I ended up writing the fight scene with the knife out. I might have gotten a defective toy, but I was disappointed with what I got. I believe it's intention was for a young child's Halloween costume.
The fake stitching on the back was neither well done nor straight. You'll never guess that a Coleman made flask would be so cheaply made.
After reading Judes Sweet liar, which is a wonderfull book,I bought Counterfeit lady. I am sorry to say, that I regret that now. After promising start book turned out to be very borring. Reading 150 pages about two people who gave up and now feel sorry for themselves is not my idea of having a good time. I do not recommend this book. But if you want to read one of the best romances ever, read Judes Sweet liar. You will not regret it.
I run a web site that gets quite a bit of traffic (#270,000 in the world according to Alexa), and I know a little something about how google works. The problem with this book is that it doesn't talk about google. At all. A search engine visibility book that doesn't specifically get in depth on google. Look people, NO OTHER SEARCH ENGINE BESIDES GOOGLE MATTERS. OK? Thinking otherwise is ""so 1997"", :-) If you have a web site you know what I'm talking about. Look at your server logs. Plain as day. Google won. 87% of my search engine traffic comes from google. 11% more from Yahoo, using google's results. The numbers are real.Anyway, why would you want a book with outdated information? For thirty bucks no less. Get something good like google hacks, and a copy of learning perl. Then you might really get somewhere. Google hacks has an AWESOME section on getting good search engine rankings. Best I've ever read in fact.
Not adequate for novice. This book was my textbook for C++. This book tries to deal with 'Introduction to Programming'and and 'Data Structue'in introductory book in poor way. If you are new to C++ I strongly recommend oher nice authors such as 'Deitel', Bruce Eckel' Irah Pohl.They know how to teach c++
I bought this in November 2011 in case of an emergency. I didn't try it right away, and given Amazon's 30 day return policy, shame on me. So now, in February 2012, I needed it and used it. First off, the reviews posted here about how difficult it is to disengage the tire clamp is true. It takes way too much strength to pull the thing off, after which you've lost a pound or two of air pressure. But more importantly, this thing just stopped dead in its tracks after checking and filling seven tires. Yep, couldn't even get through all tires on the second car. It just stopped. Given Amazon's return policy after 60 days, the shipping will cost as much as getting any return, and I don't want to exchange it for another piece of junk. LOOK ELSEWHERE for something more durable. I'm guessing you get what you pay for in this category of mechanical contraptions.
My son who is 41/2 had to have this for Christmas. He was brought to tears when he opened it Christmas morning. I am brought to tears every night when I put it away. It is the worst constructed toy I have ever purchased. My son does not even play with it much out of frustration. Every time you touch it something falls apart!!! The trap door is already broken. I have 3 words for this poorly constructed toy. CHEAP, CHEAP, CHEAP!!
I was so looking forward to viewing this series.But, OMG, it is awful. Fiona Bruce - dressed in blue Saran Wrap - dominates. And this is not good.She is OK as a narrator, and that should have been her role, while lovely scenes of the palaces are shown. Instead, we get a LOT of airtime with Fiona walking, walking, walking, talking, singing (I kid you not), and even sitting in a gondola in Venice. Yes, Venice. Of course Venice is wonderful, but I purchased the DVD to see the Queen's palaces. You know, in England and Scotland.Was the director in love with Bruce?I also cringed at the inaccuracies and the many many many missed opportunities.The DVD should have been titled: THE INCREDIBLE FIONA BRUCE while she deigns to pay a bit of attention to some old palaces.In short: a painful viewing experience. The numerous good reviews are baffling.
I bought this dresser because it matched my crib and was a good price. Well I quickly learned that you get what you pay for. Part of the dresser comes preassembled, which was done incorrectly and so the drawers would not fit. Also the feet of the dresser are partially fiberboard and broke when we tried to move it. We will be returning this dresser.
The first 30 minutes or so are fun. After that, ""Small Time Crooks"" becomes a terrible embarrassment. It does not mark a return to his early comedies; it marks the loss of all the humor and wit that has characterized his writing and filmmaking since the beginning. I am a big Woody Allen fan. I've seen every film he's directed (except ""September,"" ""Another Woman,"" and ""Shadows and Fog"") and I've enjoyed all of them but ""What's Up, Tiger Lily?"" (which Woody himself tried to disown almost as soon as he was done with it). ""Small Time Crooks"" is his worst film ever, hands down. Rather, it WAS his worst film ever, until the painful ""Curse of the Jade Scorpion"" came along.
I ordered this because we have a book called ""Storey's Basic Country Skills: A Practical Guide To Self Reliance "". I thought it would give us detailed information on how to build a chicken coop. Like actual detailed designs, with exact material lists and step by step instructions on building different coops (blue prints). Unfortunately was written for people who already have excellent carpentry skills and can design a chicken coop on their own, incorporating the items listed in this pamphlet/bulletin. Does offer some good common sense info, just not enough in a 32 page bulletin, for a novice wanting to build a chicken coop.
I received this as a gift when our daughter was about a month old. We have hardly used it, but it has still drained through 2 sets of batteries (4 AA) very quickly. It did turn on when she cried, but was too quiet to actually soothe her. There is no volume adjustment, and the only sounds it makes are the 'womb' sounds. I think the changing color lights are neat to watch, but unfortunately they haven't really captured our baby's attention. Since it drains batteries so quickly, we likely won't be using it much except to watch the colored lights occasionally for entertainment.
When I purchased my new HP Pavillion dv2000 laptop 2 years ago, I spent the money for the extended life battery. I only occasionally used it, in airports etc, but it was nice to have.While it lasted.2 years later, I had the battery assessed through the HP site, and found that it is shot. I have been unable to use it for more than 6 months, not really sure when I noticed it wasn't lasting as long as advertised, but pretty sure that wasn't long after I got the computer.I'm replacing it, but not through HP, as they charge astronomical prices for it, but as I am considering selling the computer to upgrade, I feel it would only be right to have a functioning battery with it.Very disappointed, and I will never spend the money on an HP extended life battery again.
Not a movie to watch with mixed company. Lot of strong profanity, and sex comments. Too bad such talented actors had to make a movie and bring themselves into the gutter.If our military acts like the characters in this movie, we are in deep trouble.RLHOLMES
This game will keep you on your toes the first time you play it, but it only took me 5 days to go through the whole thing! I tried to step it up one notch and go to normal dificulty instead of easy but I could not make it past the second level. Maybe I'm just not good enough. On a good note the game has tons of interchangible parts like rockets, lasers, autocannons, and sheilds that you can mix and match for every mission. If you have ever played the game Age of Empires, the game is a lot like that without the planting crops and building up your rescorses, just fighting and combat. So if you are looking for a game that will keep you entertained for a short while this is the game for you.
The minute I knew who the knight was, the ""orb"" was obvious, but I had to spend the next 50 pages reading about a ""Harvard professor"" and a police cryptolgist who were not readily able to figure it out. While that ought to be enough, I would also mention that the alleged right/left masculine/feminine equation is factually inaccurate. This book has pretenses of being intellectual and clever, but the characters are shallow, the plot not unpredictable and the pretense somewhat outrageous. I am not catholic so that aspect of it did not offend me. One might read Umberto Eco, Phillip Kerr or others instead.
""Stay far, far away from this production company."" is the advice of my brother after watching this movie and I could not agree more. Some okay looking babes with lots of skin shown, but besides that a complete waste of time. No gore and little blood and nothing resembling frights. Only get this if you want a low budget movie shot on video with some strip club dancing in it.
My mom bought this product for original price. And for the first week it worked fine but after a while it stops working and the hot water starts to drip from it and it burns. After awhile the steamer doesn't even get rid of wrinkles if.
Because giving this album one star is generous. Noreaga has got NO FLOW WHATSOEVER. His lyrics are some of the weakest, most meaningless babble I've ever heard. How no-talent, obnoxious posers like this guy make it so big I'll never know. Heck, I wouldn't spend my money on anything that's come out the last few years. Better off getting some classics like Illmatic or Reasonable Doubt. NORE is about as hardcore and fo' real as a Barbie Doll.
Awesome for educational puproses while it lasts... The problem with this toy is, the motor is cheap and breaks very quickly. Ours just stopped working out of the blue. Light turns on but nothing moves, and its still brand new. Cheap toy. You get what you pay for, but this shouldn't even be allowed to be sold. The uncle milton toy company is only after your dollar. They have no concept of care for the consumer or business ethics. Bottome line, DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
Now that is the movie this tried to be! Too bad we didn't know back then what masterpieces got churned out in the 80's in comparison to the dreck we get foisted on us these days...the younger generation don't know what they are missing! Do your self a favor, Napoleon Dynamite fans, go watch Better off Dead and see why that is a superior movie
Length:: 1:06 MinsI wish I had read some of the other reviews here before purchasing three packs of these. I wore this brand for years when they were exactly right: deep V-neck, unrelenting tight fit even after tens of washes. It occurs to me that those had neck labels but don't mention where they were manufactured, but this latest purchase has a neck print instead mentioning Made in India. In short they have degenerated to your average Jockey: ""roomy"" (sic) right from the pack, and just a few washes will cut their length in half and double their width. If anyone reading this can recommend a tight fit, deep cut, even expensive man's undershirt I'd be much obliged. On my part I'll post how these rags hold up in the shoebox and in the garage.EDIT July 2011:I was respectfully dumbfounded by some of the earlier reviews but glad to read some more recent ones. I made a few photos into a 1-minute video to clarify the issue further; my motivation for this effort can be read at the video's end.
I recently bought the Baby Einstein Van Gogh DVD (""NEW"") as a gift for my son's Easter basket. The DVD came shipped in a plain black DVD case- no pictures, no title, not one thing on the outside of the case. It also came unwrapped. No cellophane or plastic wrap at all. There's no way to determine if this item is new or used, plus there's no way to tell what DVD it is when it's sitting on a shelf as there is no labeling of any kind. Needless to say this would be an eye sore in my son's Easter basket. Not impressed.
hey just wanted to add my 2 cents i rented this movie because i loved borat bruno however does have its funny moments it goes a little too far with the sexual humor i dont mind the sex bits but this movie has too many total overkill and it took away from the movie any who the scenes involving little oj are the most funny
this IS SO IMPORTANT IF U ARE EXPERIENCING BACK PAIN WITH YOUR IBS AND PAIN AND FATIGUE AND MEMORY LOSS AND SLEEP PROBLEMS PLEASE READ THE BOOK what your doctor may not tell you about fibromyalgia and start the treatment for it please this is fibro it is NOT ibs!!! thanks!
I just bought a Vixia HF-S10 for $1300 and guess what... no strap. Big thumbs down for not including this with the camcorder Canon. I can't imagine that this strap cost Canon any more than $1.50.
I bought the movie because I'm enamored by Latin history and culture, especially in Central America in the 70's and 80's. The movie is great!! But as a DVD it is less than adequate. It's obviously mastered from an average-grade video (cassette?). It's that marginal, quality-wise. If ever it is properly remastered I will repurchase it and give my current copy away. What a shame this film could not be mastered from the negative or interpositive for best grain, sharpness and color saturation. Raul Julia put his soul into this movie. It would be nice to present it the way I viewed it in the theatre.
I bought the machine about three months ago and it has been a night mare since day one!!!! It is messy, noisy, and terrible quality. When I bought it, it came with an assembling problem, after two months of use the power buttons started to peel off, and it was falling apart; one morning a screw fell right into my cup. And the worse of all, it has terrible support, [...] does not give support after 7 days of purchase, so instated they say that it is the manufacture responsibility, which is Importika, they do not care either.Claudia
...and they were met. The material is extremely thin, but fortunately, I live in Florida. I don't expect the shirt to hold up well, and I don't think that I will be purchasing any more of this brand, but for a $5 shirt, it is about what I would expect.
Given the price, I shouldn't be disappointed I guess, but the material was really cheap feeling. Running my hand across it, the material did not feel smooth and silky at all. It almost felt like plastic.
This is one of the worst CDs I have seen in the collection, all four videos were duds in my opinion. Normally, the subtle themes of these series leave you with an interesting thought or idea; however, in this realm, all of these videos were pretty shallow. I would avoid-- Go with vol 2 instead.
Even though I got it for $15, it was a waste because it only has the odd numbered answer and no explanations for the answer. The same is in the back of the book. If you have the textbook, the solution manual is not needed.
We had this product maybe a full summer before it started tearing at corners. And, yes, we were careful. You get what you pay for. Spend $20 more and buy a quality cover.
The memory foam seat rest is good enough that I still use it. I have an expensive chair that uses a flexible web seat that turned out to be a bit harsh on my bottom.The seat rest has improved this, but not by a lot. It is enough that I use it, which is more than I can say about anything else I have tried. It sticks to the chair, and has no drift. I hardly know it is there, which can be good and bad.I noted that the picture shows a back rest. This is not included. While there is nothing in the text to say there is a back rest, most of us depend on the picture when deciding to buy a product.
Pitiful attempt to push Agilent test equipment, by giving itself the appearance of a textbook. Doesn't go beyond the basics. No mentioning of perceptual voice quality problems. Don't waste you time and money on this book. I am going to return this one... The CDROM contains nothing but Agilent datasheets...geez..
I was very disappointed with this item. Within a month and a half the decal started peeling. When the weather got cold the backing became stiff and brittle. Very poor quality.
Parents: The whole game is fighting!Kids: After 1o min. I fell asleep! Boooooring! If you have played 1, you've played them all.
I wasn't fooled this time by marketing hype and mega bucks.This is pure crap on a hugh heaping steaming pile of SH!X Metallica fan.....
I watched this movie when it first arrived. Really didn't know anything about it except what I had read in reviews. Movie did not make any sense to me. I know it will get pretty ugly when and if something goes wrong in our country ( EMP, Nuclear Attack, etc) but this one was way over the top. This movie was not believable in any way, the characters were all over the place in personalities and actions. I would not waste my money. Heck, you can even have my copy.....
Jack ""Legs"" Diamond was not murdered in Albany...he was murdered in a hotel room on 64th Street in New York City on Oct. 30, 1931.
These biographees are not what I expected. There not very acurate. There basicly a series of Choreograph dances which try to tell the composer's story. Much of the true biographee of each composers is lost. I would not recomend the purchase of these DVDs to anyone who is serious about learning about these great composers.
I live in New Jersey and work in the hospital industry. This book is, simply put, an embarrassment for the publishing industry. Mair writes at a sixth-grade level, and either ""edited"" this book himself or had an equally inept editor. Obviously written to capitalize on the Cullen story while still fresh, the 100-page book fails to provide any insight as to why Cullen (and similar murderers employed in healthcare) committed the crimes to which he had confessed, or to adequately address the shortcomings of the system that allowed him to get away with his killing for so long. That Penguin is behind the publication of this book is surprising. Avoid at all costs. The Internet and local newspaper stories will give those interested in this case a much better understanding than this book ever will.
These songs are definately for younger kids,but not even six year olds,younger. I do like ""Achy Breaky Heart""Okay and I like""Hands Up"" Alot,but most of it is for young kids. Good-bye.
I bought this product as a gift for Christmas. Truly disappointing! First, it was a major hurdle just getting this thing out of the box. The whole process took about 40 minutes or so. But then, the pre-installed batteries did not work in either the dog or the remote. So, off to a local pharmacy to buy batteries. After the new batteries were installed, the product turned on but did not work as was claimed. The remote does not work at all and it seems that the dog just walks back and forth. If you expect anything more from this toy, it's a bad investment.
I bought this product and sprayed the entire 16-ounce container over a roughly 6 foot square area. The ""fresh scent"" fragrance was so overwhelming that I had to open windows and windows to try to air it out. Finally, I gave up and bought a different odor remover product just to help eliminate the horrible smell from the StinkFree. Perhaps other raters bought a non ""fresh scent"" product, but I thought this was dreadful.
I bought this mp3 player before iPods gained fame. It worked well at first. It was easy to load songs on it. When you would turn it on though, it would have to register each song individually into the player -- it calls it ""indexing"".After a while this player has had so many Error messages and glitches that it doesn't work properly anymore. When I tried to get support online, there was no help from the company that makes the ILO. The people I talked to were rude and just unhelpful.Today, I can't get it to work right. I turn it on...it says it is updating the index, but never finishes until I decide to not waste anymore time with it and remove the battery.It was a waste of $80.
I hate to say I was disappointed by Date Night! Granted I had high expectations given that Steve Carell and Tina Fey were the leads but it was just poorly written and poorly directed. The movie couldn't decide if it wanted to be a romantic comedy or a crime farce and failed badly at both. Also, Carell and Fey, despite being very funny people had zero chemistry.Having said that one of the best parts of the movie were the supporting characters. Mark Whalberg was excellent especially the parts regarding how he chose to expose himself. James Franco and Mila Kunis were also very funny as the bickering sleazebags. I also think that Ray Liotta is an underutilized comedian and was hysterical in this role. If the movie used the support cast more it would have been great!Sadly this is both weak and lame!
Two of the horseshoes broke after a few weeks of normal use. Poor quality or just bad luck? In any case, I wouldn't buy these again. Another problem - there isn't enough contrast between the two colors. After a little wear, they are hard to tell apart.
The fragrance is warm and pleasant, however the fragrance fades quickly, as if it were a knock-off and not a genuine brand product.
All this book is good for is introducing Jenssen, Richards new sister, who ends up being nearly identical to him in charictor. Obe is so simeraler to Richard's other brother it's scary. You hardly get any of Richard fighting the order, you hardly see any of Richard at all. Instead of developing old charitors, Goodkind gives us new ones that I could care less for.
i didn't read these reviews before buying this ""product"". i wish i did. i also have a 2004 Acura TL and tried this thing in the cassette deck. it made that infamous whirring/clicking sound. i gave up after 5 minutes. wrapped it back into it's packaging. i'm returning it tomorrow. don't buy it, don't buy it, don't buy it.
As others have said great animation but the story line IS lacking any believability. Most movies give you a set up to get you started at the beginning. I never quite identified with Igor who wanted to be an evil scientist and had no choice from the beginning because of the hump on his back.It is just OK in that the characters are cute and it's speedy pace is aimed at keeping kids entertained, but it isn't smart with kid appropriate adult humor like Toy Story. My husband and I tried to watch it to the end but couldn't make it. My 8 year old daughter fell asleep but made the effort to finish it later. Her review was it was ""It was O.K. I'll watch it again.""I think this one will be forgotten soon.
I had ordered this cable and cd that comes with it because my HP 5p refuses to go quietly into the recycling bin. But the cd wouldn't install properly into my Toshiba laptop and so I stuck the cable on a shelf for a couple of years and used another printer. Long story short, I purchased a HP Pavilion dv6 laptop and was able to download the drivers from the HP website to operate my HP 5p using the USB 3.0 port! Thank you, HP! Cable 4 stars, CD zero stars, average two stars.
It was much to short to hold the bike up. The stand really didn't help at all, and the finish on it scratched off easily.
but not a great one either.Set in a mythical renaissance kingdom in Central Europe, WHEN THE KING COMES home tells the story of Hail Rosmer, art student with a fascination for a long-dead artist/alchemist. When the alchemist's seal is used to return long-vanished King Julian, Hail is drafted to protect the kingdom from the necromancer.It's an interesting premise and Stevermer's world is interesting enough as well. I found it hard to get into the characters, however. Hail's fascination for Maspero drives the novel, but isn't really explained. Partly because the story is told from Hail's first person point of view, the other characters blend in together without strong differentiation.WHEN THE KING COMES HOME is a pleasant read--but it has hints that it could be so much more.
I bought this game last night for my two-year-old, and installed it right away. Installation seemed to go smoothly, until it reached the point where it had to restart the system.I wish I hadn't clicked on ""OK"" so quickly. It would have been nice to say goodbye to a lifetime's worth of data and work.Yup, ""Thomas the Tank Engine: Trouble On The Tracks"" killed my computer dead. Windows is utterly corrupted, and I am now the proud owner of a $2,000.00 paperweight.""Windows must be reinstalled""...""Kernal32 corrupted""...and then nothing. I've never seen Windows deader than this, and I can't even reinstall. I've got a boot disk and will try again tonight, but at this point I have no way of knowing if ANY of my data has survived.The game cost $9.96 at Wal-Mart. It wasn't worth it.
This is a great looking figure, but the scale is totally off with all the other LOTR figures. It is TINY. This is a rip-off. I hate it when the toy companies change the size scale during a run of figures.
Locks barely worked when new. Inferior lock. 7 months later RUST!!! I keep my truck in the garage 100% of time. Too bad an otherwise good design is ruined by the locking mechanism.
This movie got off to a pretty good start. The filmography was good, and the characters started off with good potential.About half way through the movie, the acting took a sharp decline, and the plot went sideways. The ending left you inching to the edge of your seat but rather than hoping for more, you fell off. It was almost a cliff hanger, but ended up being a real let down instead.
The Dialogue in this movie is so cheesy that it made Swat look like a masterpeice. I think that is was written by some kid that dropped english before the 6th grade. The acting was, ""Oh Look We're Two Good Looking Guys Racing Around In Hot Cars, Lets Wear Tight Clothes"" sadly I think this was also the story line.This is nothing more than the studio trying to tap into pop culture and rob (and I do mean rob) the kids (watching this mindless drivel) of the nation out of their parent's money.
As others have stated this valve is not full flow despite the claims that it is. When I used several spray attachments they didn't work very well due to not being full flow nor having straight through path as would be present in even a smaller ball valve.In addition to the first problem after 5 months it stopped shutting off. I tried various methods to get it working again to no avail. For $13+ dollars for a valve I expect a lot more for my money. Save your money and buy a tried and true ball valve, while they don't last forever they last a heck of a lot longer than this crappy valve and can be made to work again when the ball stops being easy to rotate.Steer clear of this product.
Bought the book some 3 weeks ago and had gone through the entire book.The contents are good and beneficial, but the provided evaluation Encase version 5 is not working properly.Many of the exercises stated in the book cannot be carried out because those necessary features needed are not activated in the provided software. But the book said the provided software is constructed for us to go through all the exercises in preparation for the Phase II practical test.Wrote a complaint to the publisher and they acknowledged the errors in the software but then they do nothing to resolve it...I sort of feeling being cheated and it seems like it is a strategy they are using to force us to spend the huge sum of money to buy the commercial Encase software.
A sloppily produced book (eg figure 10 on p32 missing)most unlike oreillyThe text needs a good re-editThe code needs to be shown completeThe stated skip-overs need to be documented
The first game we ordered blew out about 2 of the butterflies in 60 seconds. brand new ""radio shack"" batteries. sent it back for a replacement as this is nothing like the commercial. The second one did not blow out any butterflies. I thought, maybe, I got bad batteries. Put in another new pair of batteries, this time an expensive name brand set. It then worked better, however, my 3, 6, and 8 yr. olds got bored waiting for the butterflies to blow out. I thought what would happen when these brand new batteries are not brand new? This replacement elefun is going back also. Great idea but needs some work.
I gave this cookbook 2 stars because although it was exactly what I was looking for, it came in an unacceptable condition. My mother had the original book for as long as I can remember and it had become well worn. Pages were falling out of it. This book was for all intesive purposes the same. When I gave it to my mom for Christmas she was so excited. Unfortunately, the three ring binder on it was broken. This is very bad considering that you need them to turn the pages. I would say that considering it was brand new, this was unacceptable
I rented in error. Watched a bit just to save face. This movie is a waste of money. Cheaply done junk.
Gaming headset...let me see...I guess it's not bad for the money. Not too expensive but even then I don't think you even get what you paid for. Sure, the headset is atractive, maybe a little big but the design does call gaming. Thats about it. Sound its substandard commpared to other gaming headsets of the same price, and if you have moderate size ears like me, this thing will hurt them like a medivel torture device. Somebody made a good comment about the open air design of the speakers and the fact that your ears don't sweat...and it's true. They don't sweat...they could bleed maybe...but no sweat. If you are looking for a good gaming headset I can suggest Sennheiser PC155. They are more expensive but you get every penny worth.
That is the second time I buy this book and the light doesn't work. Very frustrating.
I ordered this book after it was recommended by a band whose opinion I highly respect (Tool). Boy...this changed my opinion of not only the band but the gullibility of our society. The author points out a hodgepodge of wacky different conspiracy theories such as cattle mutilations, Flying Saucers under the earth, multiple dimensions, among many others. At which time he takes it upon himself to weave a complicated theory on how all the theories are connected. But of course any scientific proof is conveniently left out. The odds of any conspiracy being correct is very small, for this book to be correct ALL the conspiracy theories have to be correct. The Heaven's Gate Cult members would think this book is wacky. The bad news is that this book is a complete waste, the good news is that it might have been writen by the Church of the Subgenius making it a one big joke, in which case it is BRILLIANT!
...if Mr Joel Schumacher did not let his noise department (you can't use the word 'sound', and ""music"" would be totally inappropriate, not to say insulting!) inflict on us this (C)rap. Rap being as close to music as McDo is to ""La tour d'Argent"", it only debases things which, while pretending to be human, are most despicable (The only exception I know about is what was being performed by Warren Beatty in Bulworth; every other occurence I did encounter, I felt like polluted by the use of that BS).
Songs stink, arrangements stink, album stinks. What's different? Songs by that immortal composer...Elvis Costello!!?? Gimme a break! Quick, folks, name a great song written by this guy. OK, then, name me ANY song written by this guy? She'd do better doing songs by the REAL Elvis. What happened to Cole Porter, Jerome Kern, Duke Ellington? Can any of you imagine Sinatra, Ella, Sarah, Billie, Dinah, or Carmen McRae wanting to record any of this junk? I can't. I guess she figures that since she married the guy, she needs to boost his ego a bit. His songs stink, Diana! She can still play and she can still sing and the players are great, but even using those great ingredients, it still adds up to a bad product.
this disc was decribed new and the seal was broken and the disc has scratches all over the thing this is insane i demand a refund
I've seen the previous version with Colin Firth and have read the book - my personal opinion of this rendition of one of history's finest pieces of literature is that Jane Austen would be turning in her grave if she were forced to sit through this tiresome and pityful movie. The actors for the principal characters ill-chosen and clearly not capable of doing justice to the complexity of their literary personalities: Keira Knightley cannot even begin to fill the shoes of the fiercely defiant and headstrong Elizabeth Bennet, and Matthew Macfadyen's ridiculously poor portrayal of Mr. Darcy pales in comparison to that of Colin Firth. Moreover, the movie completely fails to capture essential high-lights of the story, limps through the development of major relationships between characters, and in general is more tediously boring than any period drama in recent Hollywood history. A COMPLETE HIT-AND-MISS!
I read this book in order to participate in a book club discussion online with American Christian Women. They all loved it, but I was unconvinced. While Ryan has many good points, those points are made by focussing on things that Australian wouldn't see as a problem. For example, environmental groups. Maybe we just don't have any raving fanatical environmentalists down under because I thought that taking care of the environment was good and we do need some people to give us a kick up the bum to spur us into action.His writing style was very late childhood/early teenager and I didn't appreciate that. His culture came through too much and the book itself was rather political - and I REALLY didn't appreciate that.Maybe you crazy Americans will like it, but I will not endorse it to any of my Aussie friends. Good points, bad structure and wrapping.
I was so dissapointed when I realized i needed a seperate remote to play DVD's! And while im at it, I might as well get a component adapter too, oh but it doesn't include cables! Doh'!
As says the movie picture : ""Once is not enough.."" I bought two of these headsets. The first one had a very short life: microphone was ugly. Lot of noise when you are talking with it. More the earphone are very unconfortable. After 2 months, microphone stopped working. The pressure in the head is not wearable for more than 10 minutes. After that you feel like your brain is going to explode like a grenade. Your ears feel like stamps absolutely flat. My recommendation do not buy these cheap [well not so cheap] headphones. It is definitely better to use the speakers of your desktop [or laptop] and use a fixed microphone not very expensive [up to 10 bucks], mine cost me about 3$. Stay away of this cheap stuff...
I got the wrong DVD & can not get any help in returning it. I am very disgusted with USTrade.
This is ""one of a kind"". It really opens your eyes to things that are usually ignored. Its so straight forward, I could not believe it. Must have in your collection. Thanks a lot!!!!
This home footage had nothing to do with the book of five rings all i know now is 50 differant ways to beat up a kid while wearing a cool skirt cause thats all this guy did.
This book was wonderfully disappointing but, after all the trash she has been putting out in the last couple of years, I have to give her credit for being consistent. Another ultimately disappointing try by an author who lacks any depth or meaning in her work. She reminds me of an elephant that zoo keepers gave a brush and a canvass, that scribbles meaningless garbage with on it with paint and then they are able to sell it. The world may have been better off by hiring a chimpanzee to slam his hands repeatedly on a keyboard because at least that way it would have been more coherent and organized. Thanks J.K. Rowling for another book that can take up space on the shelves at the local library instead of the classics that should be there.
I was terribly disappointed by this disc and Linda has one of my favorite voices in America today. Why oh why can't Atlantic Records see the mediocrity of Linda's association with Frank Wildhorn? If she must be married to him, that's fine. But why can't the record company at least get Linda better producers and better arrangements and most importantly, better material? Her potential is not being met. She needs to stop doing elevator worthy versions of Boz Skaggs and Beatles tunes and start developing stronger ties to good contemporary writers -- be they from the theatre world or from the pop idiom.
If this book got summarized in a Newspaper article, it would have been acceptable.But it was a long boring book, that I could not finish..! In summary this books talks about certain Millionaires (who are a majority by the way) who made their furtune by being cheap!
Everything you see here, you have seen it done better before somewhere else. They are all very easily recognizable. Angelina Jolie really should stick to what she does well, whatever that is. She was barely adequate for Laura Croft, but playing a highly trained assassin is definitely not her thing. The action sequences in this one are painful to watch. Angelina seems slow and weak, and simply fling her arms around most of the time, completely lacks the calculated power and cold efficiency that I would expect from a well conditioned spy. The plot has some big holes, but I only saw the theatrical cut, which from the other comments here, makes even less sense than the other versions.
the product was sent to me was the wrong thickness it was .060 instead of .080 that i ordered
Used to love this product, not anymore. Add my name to the list of people who are dismayed at the ""new products"" lack of spice and character. What are they thinking, that people wouldn't notice? At least have courtesy to notify the consumers, also know as your customer base!Time to go shopping elsewhere.
The revised edition has no artwork (and the artwork plays a big part in this series). Get a version with artwork. I'm returning this one.
I was initially excited to get this product at my shower. It seems perfect and the reviews are great. However, the hospital would not let us leave with it installed in our infant carseat. They said that it makes the carseat unsafe because it slides around too much. It is the hospital's policy to warn against Bundle Me's and similar products, so I returned mine. I suppose you could still use it on the stroller, but since I use the carseat that snaps onto the stroller, I would only be able to use the Bundle Me next winter and then only for a few months. For me, this product did not make sense.
I replaced a 5+ year old Acer which bit the dust, and am I sorry it did. Pluses: The Epson can scan slides and negatives; can scan multiple pix and ""separate"" them. Minuses: You press the 'copy' button, and again, and again, cuz you think nothing's happening - then 18 seconds after you pressed it the first time the copy program pops onto the screen (and I have 3Ghz with 1MB RAM)! My wife often crops and resizes her scans, which was a breeze with the software that came with my Acer, but torture with Epson's. She would also 'tile' a portion of a scan to make multiple copies on one page, which the supplied software can't do. And it's twice as noisy and half the speed as my old one with comparable resolution. The price was ok, but now I have to buy third party software to do fairly basic stuff.Needless to say, considering Epson is a big name, and I thought a 5 year newer scanner would be quieter and faster, with good software, I was terribly disappointed.
Although pdf files are very useful in digitizing paper materials, the fact that Adobe crippled its 5.0 version of its Paper Capture (OCR, text recognition) functionality is shameful. When I purchase an upgrade, I expect BETTER functionality, not worse. With 5.0, you can only capture 50 pages of a document - if its longer than 50 pages, you must purchase the... Adobe Capture product. With the previous version (4.0x), there was NO limit to the number of pages and no need to waste more money. Do NOT buy this product - go... buy somebody's 4.0 version... (Note: the 4.0 version of paper capture does NOT work with Windows XP and no bug fix is provided...).
Okay I will be honest, I do own and use this CD, but that was before I knew better. I work at my college radio station so it's nice to have an album where I know I can just throw a song on the air without worrying about cussing.But if you haven't read the other reviews already this album was put out with one thing in mind: money from kids into Jive/Mojo's pockets. Shortly after Reel Big Fish was dropped from Jive in 2006 (via a rude phone call) they release this album. If you like the band, support them. Go to shows, and buy albums from their own recording studio: Rock Ridge Music.
After only 2 months this toy fell apart. My daughter loves the toys on it but the turtle fell off and a metal screw was popping out and the snail's threads came out and the stuffing our of the side started to come out of the seams. $20 is not cheap for this toy and I think the quality should have been alot better.
I am not going to waste much time on this review. This is what you need to know:This movie rips-off the dialog, pool shot set-ups, and cinematography ideas of the two definative billiards movies: The Hustler and The Color of Money. The acting is plastic at best. The dialog is so predictable that it will bore you to tears or so preposterous that you will laugh until you cry. This is not a good movie and you will be wasting your money if you buy it. Even if you rent it, you will wonder if you can get your money back. Stick to the original classics and you can't go wrong.
Bought this generator to power a 60 watt light and a small 110 volt air conditioner.Unit worked pretty good until it blew up, catching fire.There was no sign of problem. Had used the generator the day before and refueled it. Made sure there was no fuel on the generator.Would prefer to have a small Honda, but to costly.Have pictures of the unit.
In all honesty, I'm not sure how well the toy works. This rating is more for Little Tikes costumer service. My 2 year old received the dinosaur bubble belly as a gift. It is super cute & he was really excited to use it. We found it rather difficult to open, then when we did get it open, it was a dud. It didn't work. Not a single bubble. When I contacted Little Tikes, they basically said that it is another companies product & they just put there name on it. Then they gave me an 800 number to call and thanked me for my inquiry. What a disappointment.
I bought a 15 pack to try, every disc but one have been coasters. Don't even consider buying these!
There are some nice things to say about this album. It was actually the 1st ""gothic"" CD I ever bought at hot topic and listened to it right away.Now that I have several other pieces by different artists, I am noticing that there is something missing from this. A certain pizazz.... I like it, but don't listen to it much anymore.
These speakers are great for games, which seems to be what they were designed for. BUT, for listening to music or watching DVDs, they are terrible! There is way too much bass, and the overall sound is sort of ""muddy"". Also, there are no bass and treble knobs on the speakers, so you'd have to use your sound card's EQ (and mine doesn't have one).
Remember in the 90's when a whole bunch of T.V. movie versions of Danielle Steel's books hit the airwaves? How great most of them were, filled with passion, suspense, drama and glitz? Well, after watching this first adaption in ten years, I sure felt nostalgic for THOSE days! Melissa Gilbert, looking like she has had way too much plastic surgery, tries to act and sound (not even close) like a Frenchwoman mourning the loss of her husband and son. All she has left is an annoying daughter named ""Pip"" (no comment) and a dog called Mousse (double no comment). Well, she ends up meeting a bland guy (Brad Johnson) and they fall in love, against all odds. End of story. Really, because the acting, good pacing, spark and emotion are all non-existent. Plot devices thrown in for no good reason. Zero chemistry between any of the actors. And the intro by Danielle Steel was really odd. A huge disappointment, obviously slapped together in about 5 minutes. BRING BACK THE 90's!
How far back would these ""women"" like to take us? Some women do prefer to stay home with their children, some choose to go to work outside the home, and most of us choose to do some combination. It is a choice for each family to make. I find that the arguements in this book are weak at best. This holds especially true if you look at how these women authors choose to live their own lives - they aren't exactly barefoot and pregnant. If you are afraid of social evolution than this book is for you. If not save your money.
In this plot the author identifies himself with Malloy, a timid copper turned attorney. While rowing through the pages you find yourself to be lost in a vast ocean with very little intrigue, while the author dabbles in extensive introspection. Every good plot needs a villain. Meet Pigeyes the notorious comrade from the past. When crossing the equator of this bestseller, I was still in the doldrums hoping for a storm but the story continued to splash along with more introspection. There are a few scenes strewn throughout for laughing out loud, for which I gratefully bestow an extra star. While my mind wandered and Malloy was having another drink, I was rowing on `til the end: ""There are only victims."" Yes, the ones who think that this book meets the burden of proof to justify its existence. Gerborg
Why in the world would someone post an omnibus three novel hardback for sale with no identity of what the three novels are. Amazon continues to allow this tripe and should be censured as well!
My 5 year old son received this as a birthday gift from his grandparents. I plan to return it this weekend. Very simply, time consuming to put together...tall structure is unstable...pieces come apart way too easily...noisy motor...my 5 year old and 9 year old never got a car to go through the mouth. It just does not work.
I have always loved the original 1960's LP version of Misa Criolla by Los Fronterizos, but it had been unavailable for years. I bought this CD version by Jose Careras, but was utterly disappointed by his almost ""operatic"" approach to what is supposed to be an earthy peasant mass. It just doesn't work.Fortunately, the wonderful original version, digitally remastered, is now available on CD. It has a simple purple and black image of the crucifixion on the cover (see the second of the small customer images above) instead of the original orange 1960's LP cover , but is in every other way the definitive recording of this wonderful piece.Look for it on Amazon and buy it - you'll love it!
I do not have a single phone call that does not include a complaint about the terrible voice quality of these handsets. I threw away the box thinking this was going to be a great product. Now I have three horrible handsets.
Don't waste your time or money on Hannibal. There are a lot of good books out right now that don't insult the reader's intelligence like Harris does on almost every page in this turkey, and when he's really rolling, several times per page, sometimes two or three times in one paragraph. Try Black Notice. Try The Devils Teardrop. Try The Target. Try Blind Man's Bluff. Try The Triumph and the Glory. Try watching old episodes of Mr Ed on Nick at Night. But if you have any regard for your poor overworked brain cells avoid Hannibal at all costs.
this product is great for beginners trying something new. its not very intense and only lasts 20 minutes. it is probably better for him than her.
I don't think this cd stands on its own out of context of the live slideshow. The father's voice is a little hard to take after 1-2 tracks. It's more entertaining visually and when the songs are in context of the slideshow. I have to say, I think the concept is actually the best part of this. I saw them live recently and it's ok, but the father is particularly annoying, rambling on and on.
Brought us 4 channels, just enough, for exactly 2 months. Then it stopped working completely. No channels. Haven't had any since. We keep trying occasionally but to no avail, and there really aren't any switches or buttons to troubleshoot with except for on/off. This was a real disappointment- wish we hadn't wasted our money.
I have read a number of Rice's other works...I admire her grand and effortless mastery of the English language and her ability to conceive twisting, intriguing plots involving unique characters from both the past and present. I like most of her other novels that I've read, and I wanted to like this book...but I couldn't. The Witching Hour is massive and bloated. Overly long, it became a genuine effort to finish. I nearly put it down permanently until I realized I could flip through about 10 consecutive pages each time I encountered an extended description of New Orleans and not miss anything of the plot. Only for those with a great deal of patience...
What people say on here is true... Very nice speakers for the value, unless they break on you. I've had to return two of these so far; on the first set, the left channel stopped working, on the second set, the same thing happened... except this time it was the actual satellite speaker. I never overdrive my speakers... I bought this for casual listening to substitute my studio set-up. Always unplugged when not in use, never sat/put stuff on the sub, never plugged it into something when it was on, never turned it up past 100W, never tugged on the cables... the fuse is still in tact.Like I said, it's great when it works, just hope you don't run into problems. Returning it is easy hassle free if you do... but I'm still unhappy with the product.
I dont know why, but i never loved Meth, everybody seem to love him except me. There's some Tight Song on tha Disc, but not enough to buy it. If your a fan of Meth, see for Tical, it's better.
This book is basically a chronicle of the murder of Amy St. Laurent - and it is a poorly written one at that. Footnoted information should have been incorporated into the text of the book, especially the part about part-time officer Ryan Campbell. And there is absolutely no suspense whatsoever - it is know almost immediately who committed the crime. As far as the crime itself, I find it appalling that it was months before anybody actually searched the location where Amy's body was found. It was an obvious location and was the first place that came to my mind. Also found the two-person narrative distracting and uneven. If you are really interested in reading about the Amy St. Laurent murder, read about it on the internet. It will be a more interesting read.
I bought this useless contraption for about $12. The first problem is that, unless you have a huge tank...or tons of hungry fish...this thing dispenses way too much food. I spent an hour fiddling with tape and styrofoam to close the hole slightly, and thought I had it set. So I tried it out on the tank. Because it dispsenses a totally different amount of food each time it spins around, I was lucky enough (note the sarcasm) to have it, on my first trial above my tank, dump out about a week's supply of food into the water. Yay! The next hour was spent using siphons and gravel vacuums to try to suck up as much food as possible. I'm going to try to return it tomorrow to the store I got it from. Useless!
received the juicer and put it together. right from the start the pulp container fits very tricky onto the juicer. it took us serveral trys to make sure it was secure and the lid was locked in place. we cut up an apple into four sections and we thought the fun was about to begin. we threw in one section and the jucier shutt off with an E(error message)right in the middle of slicing up the apple. we took the juicer apart thinking that we must have assembled it wrong. we reassembled the juicer and tried again with the same result. the juicer also smelled like it was overheating. this piece of junk is on its way back to amazon. seems like nothing works like on television.JSgilbert, Az.
This book covers a lot of the basics of what HLA is but contains holes. After reading this book three times I am still left with questions as to how to implement HLA in an application. I [...] still have unanswered questions as to how to implement the HLA. The examples in the book are implemented in Java [...] however I would have been happier if the examples were implemented in C++ as well. This is a good starting point, in the absence of alternatives, but could be better.
I am in the process of installing this weather station and the instructions omit about 60% of the important stuff such as the following: 1) You have to take the back off the wireless/solar devices to connect them. That involves removing eight tiny screws. 2) Calibrating the anemometer is very unclear to get wind direction right. I finally figured out that you have to mount it on a pole. Oregon Scientific (fancy American name for cheap stuff made in China) said I did not need to. Nowhere is this key point addressed in the instructions. 3) I had problems putting in the wind vane. It clicks into place, but the instructions say nothing about that. That's as far as I've gotten, but someone else's review that it'll take 4-6 hours to install is on the money.I would not buy this product again and am not confident it will operate over the long term. I expect to run into other problems.
I wish I hadn't purchased this drill. I wish I had taken the time to return it for a refund. I get angry when I assemble it and try to use it. I was surprised how poorly the gears on the drive wheel mesh with the other gears. It doesn't make a whirring sound--it clangs. The biggest flaw is that the chuck won't hold a drill bit on axis. As a result, the tip of the drill bit moves around in a little circle instead of purely rotating on its axis. For that reason, I consider this drill to fall below merchantable quality, and I give it the lowest rating of 1 star.
The Logitech Curve headphones are marketed as being ideal for the runner/excersizer to use with an iPod or other MP3 player. But after running with the headphones only twice, the foam pads slid off and were impossible to put back on. This rendered them useless.
I started this book, and I finished it. The only thing that kept me reading right up to the last page, is that I just knew that _something_ had to happen _eventually_. I couldn't believe that anyone would have written a 200 plus page novel, without anything taking place between the first and last page.If you're looking for something that you can read, and disengage your brain from, then this book is the one for you. But if you're seeking entertainment, even a 20 year old Harlequin has more punch
I purchased a DGB-600BC grind and brew about a year ago and wish that I did not. While the overall performance, interms of coffee quality, etc. is good, the inconvenience of using this dwarfs the benefits.Key Shortcomings:1. With a full pot of coffee, carafe ALWAYS drips coffee down the side and onto the counter2. Moisture flows up into the grinder mechanism, meaning that it must be cleaned every time (failure to do so will mean a BIG mess3. When using pre-ground beans (not me preference), must be careful not to use more than 10 tbs of the water will overflow - makes it impossible to make strong coffee from pre-ground beans when making a full pot.Bottom line - you're MUCH better off with a good stand-alone grinder and quality coffeee maker than with this one.
This book have nothing new to offer the same thing as the others book plus few mistake like he said jean pierre aumont and his wife tina were doing a show his wife name is marisa pavan still alive today and twin sister of pier angeli, tina is his daugther with maria montez many in correct thing in this book
haynes manuals are for amatures, the majority of info needed is not given, insted you are referred to your repair shop, not why you would buy the book.
Some very funny stunts. Really like the old man/woman gags. Some stunts are just out right stupid. Movie was OK.
Just got mine today. Returning to Amazon tommorrow. Defective. iPod stalled on select language screen. Will not respond.
I did not like the movie as much as I had hoped. When buying a movie or book I have found that Amazon does not allow for the customer to preview what the subject is about. I doubt I would have purchased the movie Camille if I had known what the story was about.
I had to read this one with a book club. Oh man, what a tiresome trudge. I got sick of checking her ""facts"" by page three, but continued to press on. I hope someday to read an analysis of her ""facts"" in the newspaper.Simply put, this book is so chock full of misrepresentations and ambiguous interpretations one should consider calling Ms. Coulter a postmodern writer: the text is self-aware, it participates in conspiracy theories a-la Thomas Pynchon or Don Delillo, and it attempts to revise history.In other words, I would greatly advise readers to read this as a work of fiction, because the facts simply do not hold up to rational, disinterested scrutiny. Sadly, it appears that many will not be as observant of her liberal interpretations of ""fact"" and will read this as a non-fiction piece of historical analysis.The book should come with a ""literalist warning"" label, advising readers to read the tome as a postmodern conspiracy theory of history.
This is a fine season of Dexter, but the DVD forces you to watch a Showtime promo at the beginning that CONTAINS DEXTER SPOILERS! You can't fast-forward, chapter-skip, or menu-skip during this promo set. I'm not sure if the broadcast version had this problem, but the color grading applied is obscenely orange in this season. Everyone looks like they just got a bad spray tan.
That movie was horrible!!! Nowhere in the reviews did it inform the consumer that it was a film about such hatred!!!!! It should've said something like:WARNING: The following movie contains ONE of the most offensive words spoken!!! And it was used 26 times!!!This movie offered no redeeming value whatsoever. I hated it!!!!
I picked up this book because I have been interested in ""The Black Dahlia"" murder for many years. I fully regret the decission. I had only stopped having nightmares about my stillborn baby a few months before reading this horrible book and afterwards the nightmares came back. Ms. Knowlton obviously had a horrid childhood, that I don't disbelieve but everything she had to say about Beth Short and the allegation that her father murdered her is don't believe at all. I hope she gets help, no one should write such disgusting things about people I doubt they even met, let alone the all too graphic details on how her father ""got rid"" of the dead babies. It should be obvious Ms. Short was not killed by a blow to the head, just look at the morgue shots, no damage to her head at all. Now Ms.Knowlton is claiming sexual abuse by Gene Autry, who's next? Is no one safe? I'm just waiting for an allegation against the president any day now.
While the molding of the plastic on this toy looks like it has alot of detail, and the paint job is nice, the whole toy is ruined by it's lack of functionality. The magnets are simply not strong enough to hold this toy together! It falls right apart unless you hold it very delicately, which kids are not apt to do. Don't waste your time & money on this toy unless you're going to glue it together!
O.K., ever since Homeric Greeks invaded Troy, Persia invades Athens, Phoenician Carthage invaded Rome, there has been a clash between East and West...Represented by two symbols...banners....emblems...A CRUCIFIX and A SICKLE MOON...Carried, get this, by Western-Civilization Christians invadingIslamic-Civilization Muslims(...)
Not very happy with this book. I thought that I was getting a book that would give me a daily thought to meditate on and give me something to think about for the day. I've managed to get through a couple of pages, keep in my bathroom to read in the morning to inspire me for the day, and I was sadly disapponted with it. Not much to go on for us busy Wiccans to carry us through the day. Daily Devotions are supposed to uplift you and give you something to think on that will make you feel better through the day. This doesn't do it! If you are looking for somethin of this nature, buy the Lewellyn calender.
These didactic stories are boring and formulaic. The music is forgettable. The stories' themes (forgiveness, trust, freedom) come from classic folktales, fairy tales, fables, and myths. You'd be better off reading a good book of these with your child.
I bought this because I read ""The Bedlam Detective,"" by the same author. Different story type all together, however this did get good reviews. Although I finished it, this was not for me. Even seemed a different writing style. I will move on to the prequel of the above mentioned.
I puchased these socks for my husband. While they were not tight and constrictive, they slipped down, bunching up in his shoes, causing him to remove his shoes several times a day to pull up the socks. Instead of complaining, he finally gave them to our dog who loves to chew on them.
Eleanor of Aquitaine must be one of the most interesting women in history. Her intellegence, her legendary beauty and her joint crusade with her first husband, the King of France would make for an amazing story alone. Now add to it that she was also the wife of King Henry II of England and the mother of Richard the Lionheart (and SEVERAL other children) and you have the makings of an epic story filled with love, betrayal, political intrigue and so much more! Instead, Lofts tells a nice story though uninspiring which touches areas of excitement briefly toying with them and then instead wanders down the a road that is interesting but dull. This is my third Norah Lofts novel and I am still seeking the same talent and style I found in A Wayside Tavern. I am again left disappointed and wondering how the same woman wrote that book and this.
God awful.The references to God, the Church, and Jesus in the book are just part of the story.Many of the historical reflections are not of the time or inaccurately cast. None of the historical facts are backed up by references.Gasparilla's character, the only one attempted, is poorly developed.The sex makes no sense and adds nothing to the story. The ""true"" love is not sensuous and the ""lustful"" love is crude and not explained. The way I see it, the author has his mind on breasts and not on story telling.In general, the story is a drudgery.I read this book because I am in a book club that my wife started.I believe the underlying story has merit. It just needs to be repaired. Hope this helps. Good luck.
My original mount lasted several years before the rubber boot cracked and seperated from the mount. Ordered this as a replacement. It broke off after 3 days. The original mount had 1 crack on it when it came apart, this one had 3 for some odd reason.
Product came on time and was well packaged. The DVD case was a little worn, but not a deal breaker. The real problem was disk three. It was pretty scratched up and wouldn't play. This seems to be a factory defect because the DVDs didn't seem to be opened.
I was very disapointed in this book. The first caption I loked over had errors in the writing. I also found errors in the labeling of the drawings. Although the information provided is helpful overall, I am wary to use it for review due to its inaccuracies.
The quality of the printing is low in fact I believe these could be poor copies. If you have the 6-300 forget about using this book. I'm returning this book for a full refund. If you can pick one up for 50 cents then your still paying too much!
the DvD player ceased to work properly.it gives noise and always dvds stop working .dvds work fine on other players.i tried to ask for another one and they disconnected me many times.
You should either read the book or see the DVD, not both. I read the book first then saw the DVD. The DVD is the book spoken out with pictures. I enjoyed the book but the DVD to me was dull and uneventful. I recomend reading the book but I would skip the DVD.
I ordered a copy of Frankenstein but was billed for seven copies because Amazon accused me of having clicked the order button more than once. I will take this opportunity to accuse Amazon of thoughtfully or thoughtlessly having created the possibility of more than one order per click, a reality that could indeed happen with a purchaser who has a tremor or who quite accidentally clicks the order button more than once. That's a sad trap for customers who don't pay close attention to the orders they receive, thinking that Amazon sent an order in the customer's favor and the customer later not recognizing the reality of what happened and end up paying the full amount of the credit card invoice.
THIS IS NOT A DEBUT. 50 cent has always sucked, and nothing has changed, except his beats (compliments of Dre). Terrible rapping, terrible lyrics""Shorty she so fine, I gotta make her mineA ass like dat gotta be one of a kindI crush 'em everytime, punch 'em with every lineI'm f**kin with they mindI make 'em press rewindThey know they can't shine if I'm around the rhymeBeen on parole since 94 cause I commit tha crimeI send you my line, I did it three ta nineIf D's ran up in my crib, you know who droppin dimes""--SHUT THE F**K UP--
This was the first 360 I got. And i wish i didnt waste my money.Madden 07, you hear it, and think...FOOTBALL! so you get it, cause hell, we all like football. But what we dont like is a football game that really, really, really is not good at all.So you want to know why it isnt good? lets go over it. You fumble the ball, but, you cant help it. It just happens. You get flagged for pass interference ALOT (especially after 2nd half, who'd of guessed?) I have instant re-played this flags over and over agian and none of my men where even around the catcher. When you run the ball, and you try to go through a open hole, Your men block you, and you cannot move until you get tackled..annoying? very much so. The graphics are nice, but players go through eachothers bodies alot. Sadly, other than the collge football game, this is the only football game out..probably until 2008..which, im not sure i will care about Madden...so dont bother.
Unfortunately, I didn't play the dvd until almost 2 months after i purchased it. But it doesn't work. I have a new blueray player and every other dvd/blueray works. I have lost my window to return it. I am very disappointed.
Dr. Lucas's text book on dinosaurs is hopelessly muddled and poorlywritten. He cannot decide what his audience is or needs. He alternatesbetween positions and is often vague in his statements. He cannotdecide whether he's writing historically or analytically, for adults,for children, or for scientists. The result is garbage. Where was theeditor?
If you are an insomniac this book is wonderful for you - if nothing else it will put you asleep in record time. A constant ""bla, bla, bla"", pages upon pages of lengthy conversations or monologues exploring each others or oneselves deepest ""feelings"". One can skip entire chapters and still the story is no further along than just another pages long of Unas musings. It feels as if the author has to communicate to the readers that she is well educated, hence all the literary references and mentioning of famous names.If you like an interesting story you can safely skip this one.
I did not read all of this book because Sister Mary gives her opinion on Angels, how Adam and Eve were created, and whether Adam and Eve really lived in the garden of Eden. There are words used that even I had to look up the meaning in the dictionary.All in all, I think I'll stick to a Childrens Bible that the Church recommends, and will not read this book to my grandchildren.
this book provides no new information. It's riding on the heels of other books detailing the complex nature of female sexuality and response. Do yourself a favor and save your money. You'd learn more reading the cover stories of NY Times Magazine and Newsweek that dealt with all this material a year or two ago.
Time, money, and energy - all wasted on creating and watching 'Prince of E-was-gypt'. My church teaches that waste is a sin - how ironic.
The leg spacer pillow didn't work at all for me, I wished I hadn't bought it. It didn't fit on my leg properly so I am unable to use it.
I work in an auto shop and this thing is a joke.... with the money that you pay for a filter and 5+ qts. of oil, you can get it done by a professional that will buy you a new engine if it blows up. Will this company stand by its product like that? I doubt it... For a few extra bucks you can get an oil flush if you're worried about gunk... It's a scam...
Nothing cooked evenly on this item. For example ...I like grilled toast. The most amazing thing, only one half side of the bread grilled! The whole grill gets hot to the touch.
This is one of the two Items I never recieved. I would have liked it, I've seen the movie a few different times, thats why I baught it in the first place.
Anyone who has actually read the book will be disappointed with this version of the film. Despite pretty good casting, the film is ruined by an unforgivable altering of the story. Peter Rowe owes an apology to all fans of R. L. Stevenson.
Although the case is advertised for the Panasonic AG-DVC20, it is way too small... even if you take ALL the padding out. (Duh- the camera is bigger than the OUTSIDE of this case.)When I contacted the seller, they quickly offered me a return guarantee and my money back. Then they frankly told me, ""WE DO NOT SELL A CASE FOR THE AG-DVC20.""It is a nice case... maybe something to put your lunch in when you go out in the field.
check it out, this book was so trite and useless that I actually recieved more help from a homeless man that I had given a nickle to. He was more helpful than this book and when I tried to offer it to him, he balked and spat at my feet as if I had insulted by my precieved gesture of kindness. Nonetheless I fell disheartened from this exchange and felt the need to tell the savy consumers of Amazon that this book will only be useful if you enjoy reading regurgitated common ideas. [...]
We purchased the HT940 last night from Best Buy. We hooked it up and watched part of a movie before going to bed. This morning, less than 12 hours after purchasing the product, the F61 error is appearing on the receiver screen and will no longer power up. We will be taking this product back today. What a major disappointment! Don't waste your time or money on this sad product!
I had two of these fail within a year or two. I was too lazy to pursue any sort of warranty repair/replacement. I wouldn't buy this product again. Instead, I now useHP ProCurve Switch 1400-8G 8-Port 10/100/1000 Gigabit Network Switchwhich has been flawless.
I bought this video for my two-year-old, who loves elephants. And he does love this video, but doesn't like to watch it alone. First, there are a couple of graphic shots of dead elephants. Then, there are some dramatic sound effects and intimidating angles of elephants' feet coming down. Also, one shot shows a man (in a studio), aiming a rifle at an elephant, and shooting. The elephant disappears, so we don't see the animal dying. Still, our son has focussed on that, talking about people shooting elephants. The bottom line is, it's an excellent video for older children, but I don't recommend it for the very, very young.
My husband purchased these accessories to go with Wii Sports. They should have been made much larger. Especially the golf club! You get a child size version of a tennis racket, golf club and a baseball bat. The tennis racket helps you visualize what you need to do slightly better, but the baseball bat and golf club are just silly. Save your money and use it toward more games!
It was obvious how it worked. Not clear how it set up on the trailer hitch. Poor directions!! I returned it.
I thought this was the thermometer to get since we have an infant. Taking temperature at the ear is inaccurate the first three months. When trying this temporal thermometer it read the room temperature accurately(it matched our programmable thermostat). When taking temperature of people it indicated 95.7 or 96.0 degrees F. Never any higher. Read through the instructions and they mentioned sweating being an issue. We weren't sweating but it was 75 degrees in the room. Whether humidity was an issue we don't know. Not being able to take your temperature because you're sweating was good enough reason to send it back. If someone in my house is sweating due to illness and not because of ambient temperature, I'll use the rectal method for the baby's first three months then use the ear canal digital type thereafter.
The service I received when getting this book was exelent and I got the book for a paper about christian rock, but I completly disagree with Mr. Godwin and I believe that Christian rock can and has been used by God
The toggle switch on my new e805 broke the second time I moved it from WiFi to off. I sent the unit in under warrenty. Toshiba warrenty department said the mother board must be replaced to fix the toggle switch and is not covered under warrenty. They charged $125.00 to repair unit. I've bought a lot of Toshiba products, this will be the last.Guy A. EdwardsSturgisSouth Dakota
These were terrific - great sound, comfy - but they BROKE!! Gently used, just snapped off, unusable. SNAPPED OFF! Weird. All the ear buds and headsets that have come and gone, this has never happened.
I should not write the following, as I want to sell my copy, but here it goes: this book is, seemingly, written for a general ""non-science"" audience, or for (early) high school students. CERTAINLY, it is not appropriate for a university course. It is overtly simplified and unlike many books written for a general audience (i.e., science journalism), the prose in the book is horribly dull. EXTREMELY limited for a college public health course.
These are nice looking glasses, but they break fairly easily. We've had these glasses for 3-4 months, and in that time about 5 of the tall glasses have broken. They have either broken while being washed by slight banging against other dishes or by being tipped, etc. We have other glasses that have lasted us forever. These just seem to not be durable at all. Especially not recrommended for use with children. We very very rarely use the 8 small glasses. They just take up space.
Too bad there isn't a zero stars rating.Being a fan of the various NYC historical fiction books (Alienist, Time and Again, etc.) I was looking forward to a good satire of the genre.The first chapter is somewhat amusing. But then Elliot repeats the same jokes. Over and over and over. Flatuence and excrement, in the place of wit, abounds.The illustrations are amateurish. Sorry Elliot, your sister is not a wonderful artist.Astonishing that this was compared to the delighful and funny work of Doug Adams. This book simply does not compare.
I bought this after reading positive reviews but picked it up to read while I sat in the car waiting for my kids..I got through it pretty quickly and was surprised at part of the story line.. I'll cut to the chase and say that it involved an adult women exposing herself to and teasing a young teen boy..As the parent I'm angered by it! The book is targeted at young kids and like most liberal media, is trying to expose our kids to perversion..I want my children to read for knowledge and entertainment, not to feed unhealthy sexual thoughts.If you are trying to guard your kids innocence, DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK!
This is my least favorite Curve ever!!! Smells like soap only! It's a strong smell and will last a few hours but it's nothing like the original Curve which none of the newer one's will ever beat! Would never buy this again and I have had it for years since I don't use it much!!! For this price just buy the original or try a different one!
I mean honestly were the develporers high when they made this!?!? I mean please tell me. You do 3 levels,city,ruins, and i cant even remember the other one because its so stupid. The graphics are okay for a handheld but wow you do the same thing over and over and is fun for maybe 15 minutes. Dont buy this game. Everyone likes different types of games so if theres nothing else at the rental store then rent it but do not buy it because this game sucks.
Bought it, liked the drive - clean, small deseign. Worked off one USB port on every computer (PC) I tried it on - never needed the second ""USB Power"" cable. Naturally would have liked it to have a larger capacity.The drive stopped working less than 6 months after the 1-year warranty. Doesn't look like there's a way to get the drive out without damaging the case.Talking to tech support now - glad I bought it w/ a credit card that extends the manufacturer's warranty.
I bought this because of favorable reviews from various sources and I still use it after a little over a year, but it's not without issues. A few months after purchase, the automatic shutoff stopped working. It still boils water quickly and efficiently, but I have to watch it and turn it off manually each time. I wouldn't buy it again.
No doubt, lots of work went into this book. It is very detailed. Vesco led a secret life, so the first 75% of the book deals with the complicated web of financial transactions that lead up to the interesting stuff, stealing 225million dollars. Very hard to follow, I found myself skipping over pages over and over again just trying to get through some of the painfully boring, hard to follow parts. Not much on Vescos personal life, which is understandable. I am traveling around Latin America, spent months in Costa Rica. He is legend there among local people. Thought it would be a good beach read, was wrong. I apologize to the author because there was so much research done to write this. If you are a coke bottle reading glasses kind of dork, you might find the details somewhat interesting. If you do though, please consider killing yourself.
I don't know what Willy Shakespeare was thinking when he wrote this one play tragedy, but I thought this sure was boring! Hamlet does too much talking and not enough stuff. He needs to shape up and show them who's boss. Maybe Shakespeare fans of Hamlet should take a rest on the book tragedy! Ha ha!
My husband and I registered for two sets of this dinnerware and the completer set for our 2008 wedding. At this point we have lost so many pieces to cracks and chips that I am in the market for new dinnerware. They say they are microwavable, but if you are planning on using them in your microwave...save your money. They are absolutely adorable and they really look great in person, but they only lasted for two years. Very disappointing!! I can only imagine how poorly they would perform in a household with children.
I am a retro guy so i like to have a retro hairstyle but i have trouble with hold so i decided I would give this stuff a try, I have never regreted a decision more. This stuff is the absolute worst stuff i have ever used it had absolutely no hold and it is disgusting. I knew that it would be hard to wash out but it is not hard its impossibe! I have washed with everything imaginable and it will not come out. Do not buy this product unless you want to lose your hair or suffer all the pain that comes when you try to remove it. It just goes to show that you get what you pay for!
I received the 450mg tablets which is extra strength instead of 300mg. I did some research online to find the 300mg tablets and it seems no one else has them so I assume they don't sell them in that dose. I tried taking half, but the pill itself it hard to swallow and tastes absolutely awful. Not happy with this purchase and will need to buy a different brand.
This book was given to me as a gift by a well-meaning family member who knew I was getting into the sleeker side of paddling after being passed by too many kayaks while paddling a canoe.The title would lead any sane person to believe that this book is indeed a good beginners book for general kayaking.It is not.It is, in fact, a highly specialized book for white water kayaking. It's also fairly terse, the bulk of it being made up of photographs.For someone like me who is more interested in flat water, slow rivers, protected marine waterways, and coastal swamps this book is nearly useless. Keep looking.The title and subtitle of this book are incredibly deceiving and are a disservice to readers who might not know better until they get a few pages into the book and realize what they got stuck with.
So, I got this product as a gift but based on your reviews (thanks everyone) decided to return it. Unfortunately because of its size Amazon won't take it back. So does anyone know about the warranty? I mean, yes, the service will be paid for, but am I going to have to get it fixed every few months, or is once gonna do it? And if I get the warranty now, will it cover it even though the tv was purchased a few months ago? Thanks for your input!
This movie is billed as CC, closed caption. It is - but in FRENCH ONLY. LOL A bit slippery I'd say.
Bought this book for our 2nd baby. Couldn't pronounce most of the names (yes, I'm educated). I'm looking for a not so popular name, but it seemed like most of the names were made up. I'm now looking for another book. Don't waste your money or your time.
This movie could be a classic in the vein of Monty Python's Life of Brian if they would have billed it as a parody. A drama it is not. What is most astounding is that a film like this can get the green light and make it to the screen (albeit the small screen). I can picture the NBC execs passing around the script; ""Wow! What an epic! That Noah did more than just build that boat!""The most hilarious scene of all is when, after fire reigns down on Sodom & Gomorroh, an exhausted Noah and his wife take a break and she tells him ""Noah, you should write all of this down otherwise no one will know you were here.""Oh. That explains the discrepencies.Wait. I almost forgot! The portrayal of Lot as a horned-helmetedViking-like hellraiser is absolutely classic.
I have read this book, and really hated it. It is the story of a gold-digging wench who tries to run peoples lives for them. I especially disliked the part where the main character (the author personified) went to the bathroom all over herself in a mad frenzy to control her fiancee who enjoyed that type of behaviour. I would have given it 0 stars, but Amazon makes us have at least some faith in the book, which in this case, is undeserved. Thanks for reading.
I own a 29"" Philips HDTV and I just can't figure out why it only works with the PIP (picture in picture) and not on the main screen? I read most of the reviews and told me to buy this thing if you have an HDTV. Probably there's a problem with our HDTV. Maybe the output signals of the PS2 don't match the TV's. Then again, if you're buying this item make sure that it's comaptible with your HDTV. Maybe you can borrow one first before buying.
This product is very poorly made.One chime quit working after several test rings;one wire had a cold solder joint and popped off. The bracket for the 12volt battery will barely hold it in place.C.E Steele Columbia, SC
Worked great for about three months. Then network performance went through the floor. Switch was completely useless about a week later. Sent back to LinkSys for a replacement.
RIPOFF!! This battery will not charge up all the way no matter how long I have it charging for. yes I know to deplete them every so often. yes I know about no extreme heat. Right out of the shipping box, this battery sucked!! They are selling junk. I normally like things on Amazon, but this is not one of them. Batteries are finicky, buy from a retailer,that you can take it back to, if not working. Of course there is also a no refund policy on batteries through this company.RIPOFF!!
I loved the Kinks throughout the 60s and most of the 70s. Then came this stinker of an album, and the Kinks were over for me. The Kinks needed some new fans, so they appealed to the younger generation who were into punk, heavy metal and disco.
My kids wanted this for months and we were ?lucky? enough to find it clearanced in our local store about a year ago. We only paid a clearance price for it and I almost felt guilty when I sold it for $5 on a garage sale. The kids had fun when it worked, but unfortunately that wasn't often and they quuickly lost interest in it. What a waste of plastic.
Used it for a brief time as a goalie. Pretty much every piece in these suspenders is made out of metal that rusts very quickly. The adjustable clamps rusted shut, and the bolts that holds the loops at the bottom together fell apart making it unusable.
Remember the really bad singer laughably thinking they are a talented good singer on American idol? Well you get the idea....
I found this book to be very wordy and truly unbelievable. How can she depict people to be so naive at this time. What was on her mind? The character, Annette had this protective attitude towards her mother and everyone else but herself. The book was too descriptive and boring at times. Rhoda turned out to be the story not Annette. The theme was interesting but the way it was written was not. I couldn't wait get through with the book. It did not grab me and I would not recommend it to anyone.
Others I bought had a clasp you could hook yourself. With these, you would need to get jeweler or someone to install. Not very user friendly. Keep looking.
This clock radio is junk, we sent it back for a refund. We purchased a model that we could play our own CD since the Conair unit only let you wake to one sound effect and the radio receiver and sound quality were very poor.
The first time that I ever saw The Polar Express it was in the IMAX 3-D format and we found it absolutely enthralling. I eagerly purchased the DVD when it was released, and we still loved it even though it was not in 3-D. When I learned that it was being re-released on DVD in a 3-D version I automatically ordered a copy even though I already owned it on DVD. I was very disappointed. The 3-D technology on the home version is not nearly as compelling as the process used in the theatrical version. I don't know all of the ins and outs of theatrical 3-D effects, but I remember it being far superior than what I just started to watch tonight. I saved the glasses from the IMAX 3-D presentation of this film, and both lenses are a light grey tint, while the home 3-D version uses the old red & blue lens technology resulting in a blurry double image. If you already own this movie don't waste your money expecting a true 3-D experience- you won't get it here.
I bought this at Best Buy and wish I read reviews first. I didn't get a clicking noise like most reviewers but I would have appreciated any noise. It worked fabulous enough to piss off my neighbors for 2 weeks. After that, there was no sound at all. While searching for the next perfect alarm clock I realized that the display became too dim to see in any light, not like it mattered since it didn't work. Now I can't get the CD door to open to get my CD out, which occasionally plays in the middle of the night but no louder than a refrigerator hum. I will say that it is built sturdy enough to withstand my attempts to pry it open with a screwdriver, so so with a hammer. After you cut off the cord it does make a decent paperweight.
I read one of the reviews already posted suggesting that if you're looking at this album you would be better served to buy the originals. That reviewer is 100% correct. Beyond Belief, Unseen Power, and Wake-Up Call are my three favorite Petra albums and this CD looks to be poorly cobbled together from them. Don't get me wrong, there are still some great songs on here, but if you buy this CD you'll be missing out on the truly great songs those albums had. Don't settle for left-overs. Get the original albums.
This book is one of several required reading for the Stanard police supervisor promotion exam. If Stanard is using this to make up their test, it is little wonder people are rising to a level of their own incompetence. This book is boring, poorly organized, and generally full of complicated sentences that even a PHd would have trouble understanding. Although some ideas are good, the book does not flow well and therefore many concepts are lost in this wordy mess. Wake up Stanard, Municiple League, and administrators! A good supervisor should never be picked based on her/his ability to digest this type of ridiculous thrown together nonsense.
The only less unpleasant activities i can suggest in relation to this film: Playing in traffic with a blindfold on, dysentery, a migraine. Horrendous script. Horrible acting. A star laden disaster.
While this book does have some creative merit, please be aware that you might consider portions of it inappropriate for your child(ren). The author makes use of several interesting and unsual comparisons, but crosses the line so to speak when including elephants urinating from their respective parts to depict girl/boy, elephant's rectums plugged with a cork, an elephant on fire, and a ""smart"" and ""stupid"" elephant in other comparisons. Be sure to read this book in it's entirety before purchasing it or borrowing it from a library. I would not recommend this book as a gift unless you know the recipient family VERY well and are confident they would find it suitable. I borrowed this book for our 5yr. old son. I wish I would have read it first...I wouldn't have brought it home! We also have 2 daughters ages 16yr. and 21yr. They were of the same opinion as my husband and myself.
So. This book I enjoyed, but not nearly as much as Maximum ride, Percy Jackson and the Olympains, or really anything Rick Riordan and James Patterson wrote (I highly recommend the series stated above). The plotline was good, but for only one book. I read up to the second or third book, and I must admit, the plotline of the three books, all together, didn't fit. There wasn't too much good humor, and it wasn't witty, with the exception of mabye two statements. One minute Artemis was trying to capture Holly, a fairy, and the next he's trying to rescue something(I actually can't remember, but I know that's at least close) with her. Sorry if I confused you.Let me summarize. This book was a fail (to me) and the first book seemed liked the last. There wasn't much of a point to it either. So no offense to the people who like this book, but it wasn't good, but I wouldn't recommend it book for the life of it.
While this doorbell get high marks for its aesthetics, the button mechanism itself is unreliable...in about one in every four presses it becomes stuck in the 'in' position, causing your doorbell transformer to buzz angrily until you go press the doorbell button again to un-stick it. Sadly the quality of its insides doesn't match its nice facade.
I purchased one of these at the local Target store. I got it home, plugged it in and it didn't work. I ended up exchanging it twice and eventually just got them to start testing them in the store. I went through 5 total and not even one would come on when plugged in. I gave up on it. It's pretty, but doesn't seem to work very well.
I bought this toaster oven because it seemed to be built well and had all the basic features I needed. Wrong! Within the first year, two of the three knobs on the front broke. They are made of a cheap plastic material. The knob to turn on the oven instead of the timer never worked correctly. I can't reach anyone at the company to help. They are useless and so is my $100 toaster over. Stay away from this POS.
This is a B movie - very disappointing. Jackson is portrayed well, but the portrayal of Lee is awful. Some of the lines are part lie/part truth - especially dislike the change of what Jackson said on his deathbed. The truth would have been just as moving. People may enjoy the movie if they are not as knowledgeable. On the whole, a waste of good actors in a slow, somewhat artificial feeling movie.
I really wanted to like this album. Being an audiophile wannabe, I read all the critics' reviews and really expected a treat. I like straight-on songs without meandering meaningless intros. YHF does not fulfill on this criterion. I'm not sure what the long, boring 1 minute plus intros seek to achieve - other than provide a contrast for the approximately 4 songs that are catchy and listenable on this album. It seems like we are being set-up for audio torture for the bulk of this album and the few redeeming songs provide such relief that we are fooled into thinking this is really a work of ""genius"". Maybe Tweedy should have fired himself as a singer and hired someone who has a decent voice. Get someone to burn cuts 3,7,8 and 9 and trash the rest.
i received the product and it is missing the two support rails. I went on the Garelick web site and there are no options for parts. Unsatisfied.
Sorry to say, but this product did not work as promised. The black canister does not hold any type or brand of Lather can, only Gel type cans. I did call the customer service number and asked why this is, and the rep told me that it is a Type - O on the package. In order to use with a Lather can, you just put the device on the top of the can and use as is. The older Model product did fit the lather type cans, but this one does not. Sorry but if you are going to use this with a lather can, you might want to get the older White Model. The product looks starange when you cant use the Black canister as pictured.
To me, Culture Club epitomizes everything that was wrong with pop music of the 1980s. Ever heard that song ""Do You Really Want To Hurt Me?"" Ever notice that boy george overemotes it to death? i don't like this al bum very much at all. The nadir of 80s music, along with _Look What The Cat Dragged In_ and _Soul Provider_. To hear this sort of pop music done right, I suggest you turn to _Singles 45 and Under_. Yeah. That's much better! Coffee IIIIIIINNNNNNNNNN Bed!
The movie seemed promising, until chapter 6 when it stopped playing. Disappointment to say the least. Unfortunatly it was so long after purchase until I noticed.
This board cracked in 30 days. I would NEVER recommend this product. I sent it back and did receive a credit. Avoid this product! Perhaps I received a ""bad"" board but nevertheless, the track record on this product for me was simply awful.
He uses fresh dog manure, in compost, and then puts it in garden beds. Has apparently never heard of the word ""parasite"". Revolting, unsanitary, and could kill you.Brags about giving root veggies to friends, have to wonder if they know about the ""fertilizer"".
I'm astounded at how many are so easily swayed by this new emerging movement of ""self-help"" positivism that has come the way of infomercials, cheaply arranged seminars, and self-published manuals. As I giggle with incredulity, I see profiteers continuing on their way, preying on the undiscerning, feeble-minded, anti-intellectual.obviously, there's a market, and the market responds. Such is the life and journey of this book -- recycled principles from self help guides, common sense ethics from the Book of Proverbs, and a touch of inspiration/perspiration sloganeering. The tragedy, though, is the debasing of Biblical theology and disorderly exegesis (if you can even call it that). God help those who put down the $10-$15 for these. I think I'll hit Applebee's and read the Times instead.oh, and TWO stars instead of one because everybody deserves a little grace.
More heavy handedness from Lehane. It is both predictable and unoriginal. Rings untrue. A violent mental patient left to wander unobstructed, injuring guards, injuring patients as part of his treatment. Come on? Follows the pattern of every schizo book or movie ever in print. Remember Fight Club. Setting it on an Island in the 50s does not make it fresh.
but doesn't hold a stick to the Golden Era of Frank Miller's Daredevil. The story, plot and graphics were OK and if your simply looking for a few hours of escape, then this is an OK read but I wouldn't hardly recommend buying it.
I get the feeling all through this album that Chapman's purpose was to create a Christmas album that doesn't sound like a Christmas album. No choirs, no bells, no sleigh bells, no Christmas cheer. What it sounds like is simply a cover album, one that has very pleasant and well-done songs, but that doesn't make me feel Christmas in the least. This could be any album from any time of the year--it's just Chapman's renditions of many songs that we know, done in his standard musical style that hasn't changed much or grown over the last twenty years. If you want something with a Christmas feel that's going to help you with your Christmas spirit, pass on this one. If you'd like some nice songs that sound a bit generic, then by all means, give it a listen. The two stars are because it pretends to be a Christmas album, but isn't, really. If it were supposed to be a normal, everyday album, I'd give it four.
I bought this for travel and the dual voltage feature. It was OK for that but it did a very slow job of actually drying my hair, which is not quite shoulder length and on the thick side. It's like it overheats constantly and the speed is automatically reduced, which significantly adds to drying time. It does this regardless of whether I am in Europe or in the US. This did keep working for about 3 years before I just stopped using it, but the performance was far below my expectations for the price. Also there is no heat setting, which is also weird considering the price.
This item does not work and I will probably be charged to send it back, not worth the time, buy a Chi from a dealer not online or Farouk will not honor a return!!!
I am trying to use this thing. The reviews are ok, but I just got it and tried it on 2 machines, the trackball is sporadic. Not happy with item at all.
As soon as I received the product, I put the cassette on my car, I tryed everything I could but it did not even work, but what can I expect of paying so little on a cassette player, I guess it was more worthy for me to buy the ""Monster"" cassette at $25 at the store and plays excellent!
This book is a characterless bore. A classic this is not. Even the battle scenes are turgid. Half way through I'm giving up.
This financial calculator is abosolutely worthless. it worked fine calculating normal TVM problems such as annuities, uneven cash flows, PV & FV for about two weeks...then it malfunctioned and always gave the wrong answers. Do not spend your money on this bottom of the line calculator. You are MUCH better off shelling out the extra cash on a more reliable model like the Hewlett Packard 12C.
I am a big Snoop Dogg fan but this CD is not the best of Snoop's tracks. Nothing here sounds like the traditional snoop dogg's G Funk track. ""I think if Dre,Battlecat or Soopafly's not producing its not a real Snoop Dogg track. Only exception here is GANGSTA WALK featuring DAZ and Kurupt. The track isnt all that hot but Snoop, Daz and Kurupt all deliver their tight raps. If you want to hear what Tha DoggFather sounds like without Dre's Magic touch check this CD out but your really not missing much.
I have taken 2,000 Fu a day for nearly a month for moderately high blood pressure and have seen no decrease.
I purchased this product to work on a project requiring scanning. After using the product exactly once, I didn't have a need for it for a while. Six months later or so, the scanner no longer worked. Since it was out of warranty, HP only offered service over the phone for a fee with no guarantee that I would get results. This product only offers a 3 month warranty. Is this standing behind your product? HP has lost my business, and I recommend that you consider another manufacturer.
This was a great remote until the electrical contacts on the remote started to fail.What Logitech does not tell you, but you can find out in the forums, is that the gold plated contacts on the remote, and the charging cradle are very thin, and wear off after 6 months.Logitech recommends cleaning the remote and charging cradle with alcohol. I can verify that this is a requirement to keep the remote charged.Eventually the metal is worn away and you're left with a dead remote.I can't believe that Logitech has not fixed this problem, and continues to build this remote.If it had replaceable AA batteries, this would be great. But now I have to buy a new remote.
I needed an inexpensive women's coaster brake bike (I live in an area with a high rate of bicycle theft) and purchased the ""Elvis"" bike when it was about $95, delivered. For that price, I have no complaints. The bike arrived in good shape, and the design is amusing if you're an Elvis fan. The down side is that it's hard to keep the seat adjusted (it slowly slides down as you ride it so you have to readjust it every few miles) and it makes a noise that suggests the tire is rubbing on the frame (which it isn't). I'm also not sure it passes the ""too cheap to be worth stealing"" test, because it is rather eye-catching. Also, it's heavy, which is fine with me because I'm riding to get exercise. However, the average woman would probably not want to have to carry it up a flight of stairs.
No New material . Seems like she has read and listened to Dr Leclaire O'Neill. This is a repeat of all that I had read elsewhere.
The movie is HORRIBLE! The book was a excellent but the movie just didn't cut it and not just because it didn't follow the plot of the book but just because it followed no plot at all and was bland old and yuk.
I bought this book based on the other reviews and its low price tag, but was very disappointed. Unless you are very into poetry, I do not believe you will enjoy this book. Somehow, it manages to make exciting myths boring. I would go with Hamilton's mythology book.
Versailles by K. Davis represents a stream of Marie Antoinette's consciousness and very often I got lost. This fascinating character could not be captured in 200 disjointed pages...some prose, some dialogued in the format of a play and some babble. I found the book annoying and put it down forever after 144 pages.
If your only interest in buying this book is info about show dogs, you're in good hands. If you're just looking for info about the dogs as pets, about half the book is relevant. Maybe. Well written and informative, but a little too rah-rah. The dogs seem to do everything but walk on water and heal the sick. There's definitley a void of information about health problems and downsides of owning one.Great for owner and showsters, but not for people looking for general information about a potential pet.Unless you're really into looking at pictures of canine orthodontia.
I purchased this to replace a long owned hts 5100 signature series that was causing issues with my receiver. The new unit worked fine for a while but ultimately two outlets are no longer functional.As other reviewers have noted, there are serious quality challenges with Monster products these days.Too bad. Please avoid.
I registered for this wonderful mobile and received it as a shower gift. When we tried to install it, we found it does not fit our crib. Major disappointment! Be forewarned, if you don't have a standard crib with a very thin top rail, this mobile won't work for you. And the wall mount is pretty much useless since the mobile won't spin when it's not attached to the power unit. I guess we'll be looking for a new mobile.
I read this book after reading some of her more recent books. I just about put it down after every chapter. It is obviously her first book because it is written poorly. I finished it only hoping that the writing and storyline would get better and more believable - it didn't. I suggest reading her more recent books where her writing is more mature and the storyline is developed better.
I enjoy Dr. Mercola's newsletters, but this book was a bit disappointing. I thought it would let me know what to eat,etc. but I have to figure that out for myself by taking a quick quiz. Many of the questions were hard to answer,and every time I took the test, what kind of foods I should eat changed. (whether I should be on a protein, carbohydrate, or combination diet) Then he stated you really needed to take a more extensive online test to REALLY tell--of course it was costly. As I sayed before, it was disappointing. Glad I didn't spend very much on the book.
I've owned this Roadmate for almost a year. It is constantly in ""thinking"" mode and never updates my position quickly enough (sometimes it takes up to 15 minutes) and I've only traveled 5 miles from my last destination! I'm about to throw it out since my husband just bought a Garmin Nuvi for his car and it is SO MUCH better. We traveled over 100 miles and it found us within 1 minute. Magellan needs a new product name - maybe Columbus instead!
This book is disappointing. If you have been wondering how Jenna and Sean were chosen as ""ambassadors"", what the challenges were that weren't televised, or where the raincoats came from, you will still be wondering after having read this book. We learn nothing new and the author's voice is one of all-knowingness that's annoying, at best. Too bad: it could have been a great read.
This paper towel is what gives recycled products a bad name. It is horrible, thin, non absorbent. I would never buy it again.
I read all the reviews and was pretty impressed with how everyone seemed to love this conditioner. Our dog is a very naturally itchy dog so after reading how people said this conditioner helped with itching, I was sold. That is until I used the product. I used it twice on my dog and I don't believe I will continue using it.Our dogs coat is not one that tangles and mats easily. After using this product though, I've never found so many knots and mats in my dog's coat when brushing him in the days following usage. It just does something to his hair that makes it more prone to matting. You would expect a conditioner to have the opposite result. I'm sure this is a great product for some dogs, however it was not a good combination with my dog's particular type of coat.
After getting hooked on Dario Argento films such as Suspiria and Opera... I was looking forward to seeing his most recent film, Sleepless...particularly because ""GOBLIN"" was supplying the soundtrack again (Goblin played the soundtrack on Suspiria which actually helped make that film so good)Unfortunately, Sleepless just drones on and on. The plot is not as suspenseful and the acting is horrible! Wheras Suspiria would kept me on the edge of my seat with uncertainty as to what would happen next, Sleepless bored me to sleep...not once, not twice...but actually 3 times during playback! The Goblin soundtrack rather than heightening the feeling of suspense...is actually quite tame and helps intensify the sleepy feeling...I was very disappointed with this effort by Dario.
This product started okay, but just got worse and worse over time.Turns out it's full of plastic gears rubbing against metal and the plastic wears down, and some actuators won't click and open the safe anymore. So after a year or two it barely ever opens.Search for ""Sentry Safe won't open site:[...]"" on Google. Read all the horror stories from people agreeing in the comments.Now I finally got mine open again, but it won't close.Worst safe ever.
Without batteries, this is just a regular hair brush. But with batteries, you can turn on the ""ionic feature"" of the brush. However, when turned on, the brush emits a very high-pitched buzzing sound. Even though I could barely hear it, both of my cats immediately got very scared, ran out of the room, hid, and wouldn't come back until the buzzing offender was removed from the area. The sound this brush emits is extremely irritating to cats (don't know about dogs, but my guess is, dogs as well), so I wouldn't bother with this product!!
I was disappointed...am now the owner of 12 little bags of mint which don't have much of a mint taste or smell. Didn't try to return them as I live overseas and would have cost too much.
I owned this product for a week or two and feel like I was taken to the cleaners. Hard to understand, difficult to work with pictures and takes forever to boot up. I've done alot of digital photo work and can say that I have never used such a lousy piece of software. I am not a Microsoft groupie, but their PictureIt software definitely puts this to shame.
She threw it at my head. :) This movie had a budget of approximately two dollars and seventeen cents. I'd call it an utter turkey, but that would be an insult to respectable turkeys everywhere. They did not use real actors for this, instead substituting cardboard figures controlled by string (Just like the Phantom Menace!) Ah, hell, why am I reviewing this? It's softcore porn and pretty terrible at it. The tickling scene isn't bad, though. Buy it for a practical joke like I did. :)
You won't find this on any of the websites. I just received this product, and there is a warning on the label reading: California Proposition 65 requires the following warning for this product: This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. This has got to be the only food product that I have ever seen with this warning. You see it at gas stations and stores where they sell lead crystal...but not on food labels. Unfortunately, I opened it already, so I can't return it. Into the trash it goes.
This item stinks. It's hard to get a clear station and the CD player makes a whirring noise when playing a CD. Pay a little more and get a name brand machine.
I loved the title of this book so much that I decided to read the book. I was hoping for ""Natalie Goldberg meets Writer's Digest,"" in other words, the inspiration of Goldberg with the practicality of the magazine. Unfortunately, I found the book to be dry and uninspiring.This book was written in a semi-engaging matter, but most of the chapters are nothing new, and didn't have the spark of many other writing books I've read. For a good writing experience, read Natalie Goldberg's ""Writing Down the Bones,"" but skip HOW TO WRITE WITH THE SKILL OF A MASTER AND THE GENIUS OF A CHILD.Well, you can read the title again a few times, if you want.
I am amazed that this album has gotten such good reviews here. This starts Kim's long descent into his boogie demise. If you want to hear Savoy Brown at their finest and the music that gave them their acclaim, buy ""Looking In"" and ""Raw Sienna"". If you like the blues side of their music get ""Blue Matter"". But by the time this album came out, the magic was gone.
This is a great book for beginning Echo students or someone who just wants a simple overview of Echo. But, if you are an Echo tech that wants a much more advanced reference this is not it. Doesn't go into advanced cardiac abnormalities or congential diseases.
I like this watch, but it bought this one because it was described as a flix watch. Upon arrival there was no flix feature, just the night setting. The watch itself gets five stars, it just wasn't as advertised.
This one is quite wide on the sides so my toes slide outside the peep hole of the shoe(I hate when that happens). And the shoes look better in the picture. They are very comfortable though.
This album sucked. Period. Maybe she should stay away for awhile.P.S. I'm not too crazy about Titanic or its stupid song either.
Awful awful book...yes it is beautifully written as all of her books are, but do we really need to meet all these horrible characters, with dreadful lives and mean streaks? It might be reality but at least we could have been given one character to empathize with...for me there was not a single one... Read her other books, not this one.
I purchased these for my husbands BD. He finally found time to start watching. Taped off TV broadcasts in the Seattle area (so far channel 22, TV Land and AE) based on mark in the lower righthand corner. Quality VERY poor! Looks like it was taped to VHS and then burned to disks. In some cases it looks like it might have been taped via video camera I was ripped off!!!
I would not give this piece of idiocy any stars if that were allowed.....pathetic rip off of several horror movies. Leave it where it belongs----the trash!!!
The stories in this book from the days as a Navy Seal are great. But, I bought this for the coorelations the author can make to the business world. From that viewpoint, this book falls short from meaningful business and leadership content. It has the content, don't get me wrong. But the content is very basic. If you've read any leadership book in the past, this book will teach you nothing new.
Having given Books 8-10 a pass (due to the disappointment of reading Book 7) I went to Dragonmount.com to read the summaries of said Books to see if there was anything interesting I missed. What greeted me was a bewildering flurry of names, places and various love affairs. I had a hard time keeping track of what was going on withing these summaries (i.e., I was completely unsuccessful - maybe it's because the summaries weren't written very well, who knows...); I shudder to think what kind of time might be had actually reading these books...
The reader is treated to an investigator who's approach to investigating is to hang around and sleep with a married woman as much as possible. His big break is as a result of a chance encounter. And we learn the details of the plot from ploters who become astonishingly loquacious when confronted.
I was attracted to this product for the price and needed something that was portable enough to fit in a suitcase. Well, it does lay flat in a suitcase, but when using this for the first time, my 14.5 lbs daughter slipped through. After reattaching the side velco securely, she slipped through again. The velco is just not strong enough, and I can't believe more people haven't commented on that. Unless you are planning on sewing the sides down permanently, don't buy this.
Bought this hoping it was made in the USA, it does not specify on photos or in the product description. Well, its made in China unfortunately so my dogs will not be chewing on these!
I don't understand the other reviews but in all honesty, this story was written very boringly. The message on jackleg preachers is clear and has been told by several other authors, but in a more upbeat and realistic fashion. I would suggest the Reverend Curtis Black trilogy series by Kimberly Lawson Roby instead. Also, I've come to find out that even though members of a church know about their pastor's downfall or thorn in his flesh (sexual abuse, sexual perversion, etc.), they accept it and turn their heads. Now this is what needs to be exposed. Someone needs to write a novel about this because this has yet to be written.
How DARE the makers of The Swan Princess spoil a perfectly good movie! The songs are cheap. The animation is terrible, and sloppy! The colors are very dull, and remind me of 1980's cartoons. The villain is so cheap. He is worthless! All I can say is that I hate this movie, and I do not reccomend that you buy it.
Was very disappointed in the CD. Had just seen her in concert - felt like her show was an exact repeat of this CD - could have stayed home and felt like I had seen the show. Was a purchase I could have done without.
Watching this trainwreck for free on television is very different from actually expecting people to pay for it. On television, at first, the main reason to watch was to answer the question, ""Are these two for real?"" .But after a few episodes it was pretty clear that, yes, Lisa and Brittney (especially Lisa, the mother) really are as shallow and self-centered and lazy as it seems--with a tremendous sense of self-importance and entitlement. Why do they feel the world should revolve around them? Will people really pay to see them shop, be rude to each other (and those around them), and try to be the center of attention in all circumstances?When Lisa was recently asked on 20/20 what ""The Gastineau Girls"" was about, she answered, ""Nothing."" That sums it up pretty well.
Did not get point tip with unit,so unable to use engraver. I will be ordering a tip.will update review when I get tip.
This game was programmed by Valve and published by Sierra. It has allowed and continues to allow players to cheat, see through walls, autoaim, and do other things they should never be able to do while playing multiplayer. Neither of these companies will take responsibility and it has been years since these cheats were discovered. Just know that if you buy this game you're supporting a couple of irresponsible companies. My two cents. You've been warned.
I was really let down with this one. There are three songs that rate an 'okay' at best. The rest are over-produced, badly written efforts. Of course it's hard to follow up to the energy and sincerity of their first release, but there's no excuse for this mess. Don't buy it. Poor!
These batteries were sold as replacement batteries for a no bark collar I purchased. The batteries are not the correct size as described. Therefore they are worthless to me
I made the mistake of buying an HP/Compaq system. For the price I don't expect mainframe performance, but I didn't expect the headaches I got. HP/Compaq is a good company, so I don't know why they put their name on this. It hangs a lot. Several times a week I have to pull the power cord to reboot it when it hangs; even holding down the power button for a long time doesn't power it off. The card reader wiped my vacation photos from Rome. The system has 1GB of memory that is shared with the video. Big mistake! It's not enough to run Vista properly and has to use the virtual memory on the hard drive to do everything. The result is a lot of noise as it accesses the hard drive, severely hampered performance, and a lag of several minutes (up to 10, if ever) to launch even some of the simplest programs. I expect the hard drive to burn out any day now. I will never buy a system built by HP/Compaq ever again.
I had this phone for 3 days before sending it back. It added some very slight static to the calls. To make sure it was not my line causing it, I plugged it directly into the wall at various points around the house, and I could hear the static even when it was not plugged into the phone jack. I think some people may not hear this or be this picky, but it was not that good for outgoing quality either. People on the other end told me I sounded a bit metallic when I switched between old and new phone and let them do an A-B comparison.
Yes, it may be great that Mixx has finally brought the Sailor Moon Manga to the US, but with its terrible translations and blurry picture quality, I'd just as soon it not be brought here at all. If you think the pictures are wonderful in Mixx's version, you should go buy the original somewhere and dig up a translation for it on the internet. If you want truely wonderful manga, that's translated well, stick to Viz.
If you like over blown, over exagerated, disjointed vignetts, then this is the book. On the other hand, if you're a fan of serious space opera like the Honor Harrington series, don't expect it here. Each battle gets bigger than the last one. Characters come and go like they're all bit players. There are whole chapters that could have been stories in themselves but then disappear. All in all the book reads like a version of those basic computer games that have no end -- those where you shoot down 10 missiles and 20 twenty more keep coming faster and so on. After a while you simply get tired of the game and do something else. Judging from the ending, that's what the author did here -- got tired of the book and did something else.
From their online information, these snacks looked so nutritious that they were almost too good to be true. However, I ended up only eating half of one bag, and throwing the rest away. I thought they tasted disgusting.
It's bad enough we have to listen to Nick with his BSB pals, but now Nick's influence has brought Aaron into the music scene. Aaron, who has not a shred of talent, would not be a star if Nick wasn't around. As soon as Nick loses popularity, Aaron will too. Personally, I can't wait until then.
This book is a descent resource of basic information; that is, if you can find it. That's the most frustrating thing about this book is that it suffers from poor organization and a horrible index that follows it's own inexplicable logic.E-mail links? No listing in the index. Same for such basic terms as: pop-up windows, navigation, browser windows, publishing, windows, importing, and printing. It was easier and less frustrating to flip through the entire book than to try to figure out the logic of the index.If you chance on some information that you may need, put a placeholder or a stickynote there immediately; you may never find it again.
As a PCOS sufferer, I've done lots of research since being diagnosed. This book may be a great starting point for people who have yet to do any research, but for those have, you will not receive any new information. The recipes are nice, but if I wanted recipes I would have bought a cook book! Not worth the money in my opinion.
Danielle Steel has done it once again. Written a book that must have taken her all of one day. I was really disappointed after Summer in St. Tropez, but thought after a break from her books I'd try again. Sorry I wasted my time. This book is SO repetitive, same phrases are not only repeated chapter after chapter but in the same paragraph. The story line seems to drag on forever. If Steel's goal is to ""dumb"" her books down for the masses then she has succeeded. This book is written at about an 11-year-old's level. Don't waste your time.
Obviously, my fellow reviewers have been seduced by the warm breezes blowing through the Luberon, into failing to notice that the plot here is flatter than a pissaladiere, the characters have less than one dimension, and many of the plot lines simply fade into the fragrant air of Provence. This is a nothing book, mindless twaddle. Mr. Mayle is competent at non-fiction, but as a fictionalist he has all the talent of, well, a former adman.
Perhaps if you are not an accomplished cook this would be a good book for you, however most of the recipes were uninspired and showed no new combinations.
I just returned mine. After a week it rattled like a bugger! Kept me up at night, it was terrible.
...this book was a complete waste of time and money.Check out Chapter 1 ""Equipment Selection Guidelines"",where they give you a bunch of hot tips about selectingthe best aluminum frame rackets. Actually, I realizedI'd been shucked well before that, when I saw the cover,which was decorated with pictures of racketball stars fromthe 70s with Studio 54 hairstyles who are now probably inthe old folks' home. I've been trying to learn racketballby running around like a chicken with my head cut off whilemy opponents try not to laugh themselves to death, and I canconfidently report that that experience has taught me farmore than this book ever could.
I'm guessing that the intent of this book was to be humurous and informative. Instead it ends up being offensive and useless. Unless you are a gay man that has lived in a cave for the last 20 years and likes to be referred to as a ""poof"", there is no need to buy this book. Dan Anderson's advice is both trivial and wrong. Does anyone need to be told to circulate (or as he calls it, ""twirl"") around a bar in order to meet people? And if I followed his advice to just up and leave a bar when it's time for me to leave, without telling my friends, I would be one friendless guy. Even the cover of the book is offensive, depicting every gay male sterotype that there is. You'd be much better off using the money for this book to go buy yourself a cocktail or 2 and see what happens.
If A Fine and Bitter Snow is typical of the Kate Shugak series, she is not my cup of tea. This book belongs in the romance section rather than the mystery section of the bookstore. The mystery of who killed a elderly local environmentalist plays a distant second fiddle to Kate's romantic entanglement. The killer's identity is obvious from moments after Trooper Jim arrives at the murder scene -- though the motivation caught me by surprise.Except for Shugak and Trooper Jim, the cast of characters seem like refugees from old Northern Exposure episodes. Everyone is simpatico, racial problems don't exist, law enforcement is enlightened and compassionate. Dana Stabenow makes the most significant problem in this arcadian utopia which of two hunky suitors Kate will finally bed. Even that isn't any mystery.
I have loved this series. started reading the first books maybe 20 years ago... however, this sequel flat out stunk. for those of u who actually read a book before writing the review (as opposed to those folks who think paraphrasing the book cover jacket hype constitutes a review ) pay heed to this rating...
DO NOT BUY THIS CD !! This cd purports to be Classical Music Nursery Rhymes. It is nursery rhyme melodies, but completely homogenized pablum. It is not classical, it is synthesizers - the worst kind of muzak versions, with the melodies practically hidden away in the synthesized ""new age"" (in the worst sense of the word) background/easy listening, mellow accompaniments. It might be ok for putting kids to sleep, but I can think of much better music to do that, that is real music. If you are looking for real versions of nursery rhyme melodies, this is NOT the cd to buy.
This is a fairly lame Italian sc-fi film with bad special effects and a bad plot. It borders on campy, but doesn't cross the line often enough to make the film a cult classic. Instead it is a dud. Louise Marleau plays a very young Col. Stella Holmes. She doesn't like to be called ""baby"" but enjoys a good smack to the face. (Italian film give away.) Exploding head alien eggs are discovered on a coffee ship from South America. Our colonel recalls an astronaut who returned from a Mars mission talk about such eggs and drew pictures of them, because taking a camera to Mars wouldn't make any sense.Eventually they travel to South America to find the source of the contaminated coffee.There are better and campier Italian sc-fi films. This one didn't make it for me in either category. You might want to keep the remote handy.Parental Guide: No f-bombs, sex, or nudity.
After 5 years, our Little Butler leaked all over the cabinet floor with white crusty deposits. We were told ""it's not repairable"". Replacement units are not exactly cheap. The unit uses a huge amount of power. Filter elements are expensive. It is one of these 'luxury' plumbing items for suckers who don't care they're being ripped off. So this is European quality?
This book is very poorly written and badly organized. Essential introductory topics are sprinkled throughout the book seemingly randomly. Much of the writing is horribly ambiguous or just plain unreadable. I am a beginning programmer, though I am highly proficient with Excel. I was lucky to be familiar with some other programming languages because the explanations of object-oriented programming concepts in this book (as well as other topics covered) would have been completely incomprehensible without a moderate level of background experience. The examples in the book are neither practical, nor particularly well designed to illustrate the VBA concepts that the authors are trying to teach. Instead, the authors seem to be preoccupied with designing examples to convey stylistic programming conventions that they personally favor.
my AAA battery last about 4 to 5 hour(i use 700mmh)but worst thing is sometimes, 30 min per charge.don't know whyi do not recommand this product
This book is mis-leading. In describing Tai Chi movements the pictures disagree with the written text...""foot directly below the shoulder"" and it isn't in the photograph. There are more such discrepancies. The analogies may be common to the writer but confusing to this reader...""sand pouring down your leg"". There is a large and growing number of Tai Chi manuals. It's too bad publications like this sound so good and read so poorly.
before they take your typewriter away?I am confused and unsettled by the tide of opinion that rises against me regarding this novel. It is easily one of the bottom ten worst books I have ever read. The writing was worse than amateurish. The characters, all of them, were unlikeable, but especially Cassidy, who is a dwid of the first order. The plot was ripped directly from yesterday's news , long after authentic Satanism and recovered memories were generally accepted to be overrated phenomena by the pyschiatric community.And yet. And yet. I read all these positive reviews and I can't help but wonder: am I the one who's wrong here?Nah.
After installation, the reception was much worse than plain rabbit ears. Don't waste your money.
I purchased this for my son to enjoy for Christmas; Morgan Freeman is one of his favorite actors. For the kindle fire edition, it should have been noted that the narration is not accessible.
Pass on this vacuum. Had only been using my new Hoover U8145-900 Savvy Upright Vacuum about a week and noticed that the main vacuuming unit didn't seem to be picking anything up from the floor. The hose attachment still has suction when used, but it's not feasible to use the hose attachment for any quantity of floor cleaning. When the unit is on, I can feel air pushing out from between the pieces fitted together across the back of the vacuum. A family member has offered to check it over for me, but I have visions of duct tape dancing through my head.....I'm sure it will look like a duct taped mummified Savvy vacuum, if I accept that offer.
It didn't go on smoothly or stay clean. It looked like I put bubble gum on my nails and let it set.
I believe this book to be the most uninteresting book i have ever read. This books plot is missing and if it is ther somewhere its very unorganized. The characters' moods are not conveyed to the readers except for Frankie's. The author describes all of the scenes very well except she doesnt need to because most of them are the same, the kitchen. It's fine that the kitchen is the main backdrop for the story such as the water pump in the miracle worker. But every time you go into the kitchen it's the same why spend and entire page in your novel talking about the same thing you told us 10 pages ago. The only reason i didnt quit after the first 20 pages is because I had to be a critique of a book and i was running out of time to read. I kept thinking it has to get better at some point, but i was wrong it was the most boring book i have ever read.
This unit is getting an arguably unfair review because of it's bad design. The plug is incredibly finicky and it moves an invisible amount that disconnects it several times while I am delivering pizzas. The plug that should be spring loaded and protruding is flat, unlike the item pictured. I'll post a picture of it.
I was pleased when I ordered the mouse but dismayed to find my laptop slot was the wrong size. It would have saved a lot of time and effort if the add had specified ""PCMIA equipped laptops required"". Most of the newer laptops have the smaller slot,I think. I returned the mouse with no problem at all. Thank you.
I kept getting false alarms after mounting the unit in about a dozen different positions. I finally had to turn off the system because the constant false alarms drained the battery.
The only porterhouse that ever confronted Mr. Frey was the frozen one that slid out and hit him in the head when he opened his mommy and daddy's freezer in a drunken stupor looking for a snack to appease his ""beer munchies"".He was then compelled to document his relationship with ""porterhouse"", ensuring, of course, an accurate and honest portrayal, hence the first part of this book. As to the existence of Leonard, I'm reminded of Tom Hanks and his volleyball ""Wilson""...I would like a refund.
I would give this a negative star rating, if the options would have allowed me. Anyone who gave this a positive rating, is definately smoking something. I generally love a good comedy (something about mary, dumb and dumber, meet the parents, road trip, and the american pies), but this should not even be mentioned in the same breath as these movies. I was optimistic because the lead character (DJ Qualls) was in road trip, but he definately took two steps backwards with this movie. If I was to say one positive thing about this film, it would be that Eliza Dushku is very hot, and is a decent actor as well, but is not worth the rental price of the dvd.
Again, as post indicated above, standard cable is fuzzy and looks like there is some sort of compression going on. Not a clear picture like the other televisions. did extensive troubleshooting, Samsung admits fault and now has a new model, replacing this one..boy i wonder why! Those reading this, get the txn-3275hf which fixes this.
didn't care for the movie or its contents its had poor acting and could not keep me interest at all
When I purchased this dvd everything was in english. I could'nt for the life of me understand how I am supposed to be okay with a dvd that does'nt play on none of my dvd players . I can only watch it if I change the region code on my computer,and even that you can't do but so many times. I am not pleased at all.
I recently purchased both volumes of The Universal Seduction and was sorely disappointed. Authors included 90s retreads and frauds like 'Branton' and the bizarre Raeylan Alan, among the other 'usual suspects.' If you prefer intelligent and sophisticated propaganda, please pass on this. The stories recounted are generally turgidly written and collegiate in the extreme. And the tech parts wouldn't even qualify as junk science. David Icke seems like Newton in comparison.There was nothing new or relevatory in the entire set. Most of the work is devoted to UFO nonsense and the seeding of human life by ETs. The only moment of sanity was data provided by a ritual abuse survivor named Kathleen Sullivan. This amounted to several paragraphs in the first volume. Other than that, I didn't highlight a single other reference.Spend your hard-earned money elsewhere. Buy Sullivan's excellent book 'Unshackled.'
I see that there are some mixed reviews of this new book - 'Corduroy and Denim' and I come down on the critical side. I must qualify this by saying that David Sedaris' other books are the funniest that I have ever read. 'Me Talk Pretty' had me in stitches, belly-laughing the whole time. The new book is more depressing than funny. Also, it seems to me that David has gone from integrating his homosexuality (and sexuality in general) into the stories as a contextual element to using it as graphic focus that is not particularly funny. With that said, I wonder if gay readers find more humor in the more explicit style - maybe I am just not the target audience for this book...Anyhow, I love Sedaris and hope that his next book goes back to the laugh-out-loud style.
I was so excited to receive this, but after it came in, I was very disappointed. It came in a clear plastic bag and the dog was all mangled. I opened it up and the hair was not soft. It was somewhat curly and there is no way it looked like the picture shown. It looked used and old and like a dog you find on the streets. I'm not sure what happened, but I am returning it.
Ferrets like to poo in corners. This box creates two extra corners IN FRONT of the box, and they will go there almost as much as inside the box itself. Not a problem with a triangular box. Apparently a 135 degree angle doesn't trigger the poo reflex like 90 degrees.
Scrubs, not unlike any long running series has slowly reached the point of unwatchable and when this happens you eventually start to wonder at what point did this decline actually set in. Season 4 is the answer to that question. Disagree? Watch Seasons 1-3 back to back, take a few breaths and pop in Season 4. R.I.P.
Although this book is supposedly specifically for Backpackers, it is printed in large type on heavy, glossy paper with lots of big color photos, all of which just add bulk. The venerable South American Handbook, also from Footprint, weighs not much more and covers the whole continent. This new book is also short on info ... only 8 accomodations listings in La Paz, vs. about 50 in the SA Handbook. And there is no listing at all for Iquitos, one of Peru's largest cities, or Cajamarca, one of the historically most significant. I have used the SAH extensively, and thought this new book would be at least as informative for the three countries covered .... what a disappointment. Cannot recommend it.
Norelco has definitely gone downhill since being acquired by Phillips.This unit is too light and cheaply built. The engineers opted for light, quiet, and battery capacity at the expense of sturdy, efficient, and useful.The blades spin much more slowly than with previous models. I am sure this makes it quieter and makes the batteries last longer (friction being proportional to the cube of velocity?), but the shave is not as good and it pulls at times.Make the blades go faster. Put in a bigger battery or accept a shorter time between charges.
Save your money. Poor picture quality, just not enough pixels for a decent image. A flash might make it tolerable for limited web usage, but without its only suitable for outdoor shots, and those won't be good. Light, flimsy plastic, looks and feels like its from the toy dept, not photo.The more your budget is limited, the more research you should do to get the most for your money. Look for something w/ a flash and more pixels. There are many photo review sites to supplement the info here. And pay more attention to the reviews of people who've had the equipment longer - it's easy to have contagious enthusiasm for a brand new toy.
AMAZON would like me to contact the supplier before putting this negative comment up. That is a waste of time and effort. I just ordered; and received; and installed; and used flawlessly; HP original equipment replacement cartridges. The remanufactured ones from TonerPals gave poor printing results and I have disposed of them appropriately. 'nuf said about that! I, like others here, should have known better. I am now being pressured by TonerPals to change the review of their company because they sent it in the time limit set on ordering. In my opinion you rate the company by the products they sell. 'nuf said about that too!!
I bought this at a local store and it worked fine...for about a month and a half...till the lights burned out. Stupid me for thinking products I buy would actually function, so I no longer have the box or receipt for refund. I read the review from the gentleman with the tip on how to get the lights back on by holding the button in for five to ten seconds, but that did not work. Buyer beware on this piece of junk...save packaging and receipt!!!
I received this product as a gift and was really excited to try it out. First of all, you CANNOT shred as many pages at once as it claims, you can only shred 4-5 or it gets jammed. Second, it does jam quite often even when trying to shed 4-5 pages. Third, the gears are cheaply made, and some of the teeth shear off the gears each time the machine jams. After about a half a dozen times, the machine will stop working as one or more of the gears have no more teeth on it. Guess what! You cannot buy replacement parts for this item. It was made to break, so that you would have to purchase another one. I will NOT buy another Royal shredder as I have read this is not the only model that this happens to. Please save yourself the headache and buy a different brand.
i like rock, but this cd sucks!!!!! it is the worst, waste of time on the internet looking it up and waste of money, so save yourself, DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!!!
Ingredients are cherries and sulphur dioxide.The only reason I ordered these cherries was because they were described as sulphur free.I'm not returning them as its too much of a hassle.I'm thinking buying sulphur free dried fruit on amazon is a no go for me.
This tea set is extremely small. The pictures displayed are deceptive and not true to size. The actual saucers can fit in the palm of your hand in case anyone wants the true size. Instead of a tea-set for a child, it's like a tea set for a child's doll. Considering returning. Hope this was helpful. :o)
Rarely do I ever write an article about anything. However, this game was so ... terrible that I had to take a stand. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It is a waste of time and money. This game is just another sorry effort by the folks at Lucas Arts. They are fraudulently using their brand name to sell a shoddy product. Controls are horrible, and the graphics under-utilize the power of the Xbox. Fusion Frenzy is a better game than this one. I had more fun playing my old Atari 2600 games than I had with Obi Wan. If you did buy this game, return it. Buy yourself something more useful, like a paperweight.
Sorry 2 all her fans but this girl CANNOT sing. That's not my biggest issue though. I'd cut her some slack if the songs were still decent--but this grabage...I mean come on. Her best songs were her two singles off of the album and about the only songs worth your listen. Somebody please shut her up--I'm crying here!!
I have had these headphones for a few years now. I also do a lot of traveling for my company (ie flying). About a half year ago the headphones started emiting small pops and hisses (all of which are pretty much covered over by music). I contacted Panasonic help center and they referred me to an ""authorized dealer"". A search from their website shows the nearest ""authorized dealer"" is a measly 1200+ miles from my location. I followed through email about location and they never replied. I will not purchase another Panasonic product again.
As many other reviewers have pointed out, the ""Celtic"" premise is ridiculously overblown. The Army of Northern Virginia can not be compared to the Scots at Culloden in 1745.Also, as other reviewers have pointed out, the book ignores many ""big picture"" issues that played into the outcome of the war. Better alternative reading would be ""Two Great Rebel Armies"" by McMurry or ""Why the South Lost"" by Hattaway and company.
This record is just a ""wannabe"" salsa band record. The copycat songs from Gloria Estafan is badly produced, and the sound on the recording is not far from playing in a metal tube. The band is playing without the right salsa feeling, and there is nothing on the album that leads me into the dancefloor.I'll give them 1 star for their name.
This is just a book of lists and pretty much a waste of time if you're already a serious student. If you're a rank beginner, maybe.....
Not the details on racing a front wheel drive car that I had hoped to learn from. Still, it had some good tips.
This is for the kids, because there's nothing here for the fans. We've had this stuff for years. As far as the new songs go...we may be older, but we sure as heck know how to download! We've got money-just don't want to waste it. How about a decent concert DVD!
Boss is terrible. The writing makes this show soulless. It's one of those ""fake dark"" shows like ""Hell On Wheels."" Everyone walks around with a gruff, tortured expression, but in the end, it's another corny show with a lame set-up, but nowhere to go. No one even cares about this show. I'm really dubious about where all those 5 star reviews are coming from. Don't waste your time, honestly.
The Bravery sounds more like The Crappery. They try to emulate The Killers in every aspect by using synthesisers and emulting the voice of Brandon Flowers. This CD has only one good song and it's the first title on the CD : An Honest Mistake. The rest is pure ****. The songs become very repetitive and they are really, really not catchy or substantial. I will give them some points for using different sound arrangements or instruments on their CD, but that's about it. The songs and the CD are not worth your time or your money believe me.The Bravery are a poor attempt to capitalise on the fury that is new age rock. They do not deserve a second CD, that's how bad their first is.
I love *good* historical fiction - I've reread Patrick O'Brian's Maturin/Aubrey series many a time. But this story just didn't hold my interest. I particularly disliked the format in which it was told, in which someone ""off screen"" occasionally interrupts the book.I've read some of Turtledove's other alternate history stuff, and I think he simply isn't that good at creating interesting characters. Instead, as we read the alternate history, we're interested by comparing/contrasting his world to ours.In the end, I stopped reading the book about half way through because I simply didn't care about the story or the characters.
What can I say? Compared to Splinter Cell, this game is really [weak]. Almost impossible to really aim the gun (just point and blast away), almost no control over the fancy stunts, the graphics are not that great, and the engine doesn't allow you to really play 'outside the box'. Splinter Cell seems to be able to handle anything you want to do, like elimintating the bad guys, then wandering around the set and exploring (and shooting) things that most never would look at.Compared to the hype, this game is rather [weak].
Very disappointed!! I am a very busy mom who tries very hard to cook healthy & low cal for the whole family. When I buy a cookbook that claims it's quick & easy, I do not expect the recipes to have an average of 15 to 20 ingredients in them. I don't know what this author considers quick, but I sure don't think there is anything quick about these recipes! No pictures either!
This is a horrible digitalization of a book. The Title in the Kindle itself has an HTML code for the ' in Alice's and every line is cut off by word wrapping during an OCR.The lines would read something likethis,even though they are a part of thesameparagraph.Avoid.
I first got this camera for my wife for X-mas about 1yr 2mos ago. We were happy with MOST of the pictures this camera took. It served as our basic point and shoot camera on our trips. However about 3 weeks ago during a graduation attendance the camera lens would not extend, and displayed Error #E45 message on LCD screen. I checked with camera shops around my area (since it was out of KODAK warranty)It was going to cost me about as much as buying a new one to have the lens assembly replaced, due to KODAK parts being very expensive. I recommend to stay away from this model, or at least get extended warranty.
Had very high hopes tied to this album of don's and sad to say that it sounded like a dance re-mix album with practically no direction and sleek guitar work . Even the drums sounded electronic . Hard to jadge a cd by it's artis and cover these days . Hope i could trade this cd for the the new eric clapton / bb king one
the first code example doesen't even work!He must have tested it in the beta version because his examples are sloppy, and poorly organized. I would have liked to have seen more code. In some spots his explinations are overly simple. In some spots it seems like he doesn't know what he is even talking about so he just fills in with techno-jargon. Mostly the code is just plain disappointing, what does work, needs to be re-worked so that it is not so buggy, for example, he uses implicit class declarations to demonstrate inheritance, then talks about the importance of strong type declarations. It goes on and on like that. His code on the web is not any better.Don't waste your money, I think that I will get a Wrox book next.
I don't think this band was ever meant to be taken seriosly. This is the kind of obnoxiously cheesy garbage that gives Black metal a bad name. They reek of musical ineptitude, so they feel the need to add layer upon layer of cheesy keyboard effects on to their already embarrassing music in a vain attempt to make it sound spooky. At least Darkthrone and Venom were honest about their musical simplicity. Personally, I think Emperor did it the right way on ""In the nightside eclipse"". They kept the keyboard usage to a minimum and when they did use keyboards, they managed to create cold and dark atmospheres with them. ...
I had read a few positive things about this disc and being an SLF fan for many years, I was upbeat about the prospect of new, decent SLF music. However, I was not terribly impressed with it. It did come closer than other recent attempts by the band, but was lacking something. Perhaps the band should move in a new direction, if for no other reason than to give poor Jake's voice a rest.
I have had this antenna for well over one year and tried it in West Virginia and in Maine. I both cases, old non-HD antennas picked up more channels. This was a waste of money.
I bought this camera for a photography class I was taking (I had to drop the class because of problems with the camera). The first camera Vivitar sent to me had a broken light meter, so I contacted the company to send it back and have it replaced. The company (Ace photo and digital) made me pay the postage to send back a camera that came broken, and then sent me a second camera that once again didn't have a functioning light meter. I would send it back a second time, but I think I'll just buy a light meter that works with the money I would have spent on postage.
Got it to settle a bet. It was thrown in the trash after two weeks of constant beeping.
This supposed concert video is nothing but a collection of nonsense pre-concert, backstage, and audience garbage video. It shows 2 second clips of actual ""live"" band footage intermixxed with camera shots bouncing all over the place. A real concert video is just that, a live video of a band on stage playing their songs. Thank GOD I bought a cheap VHS version. I never even watched the whole thing. If you want to see a real show check out Iron Maiden's Rock In Rio or Primal Fear's The History Of Fear. This crap wouldn't be worth watching if it was sent to you for free!!!! I can't imagine Ozzy ever saw this and approved its release.
It is light and have enough capacity for bike commute if you are not carrying a laptop. But, it slips from back to side quite often and therefor not suitable for relatively long and serious bike commuting.
I didn'd find anything in this book that I could not find in the Windows HELP file that comes with XPtom
Baker's ""Mezzanine"" came to me highly reccommended by a trusted source, someone with whom I have shared my enjoyment of Delillo and Will Self. I approached Baker's novel optimistically, and was sorely disappointed. Baker's style is indeed unique and his diction is flawless. For this, he is to be commended. What ""The Mezzanine"" lacked, however, is anything transcendent. Though, as other reviewers noted, Baker does describe the minutae of our lives in unique ways, he still describes minutae. Perhaps this novel is a postmodern examination of the emptiness of corporate life--postmodern in own emptiness. If so, a short story would have sufficed. After about forty pages, this novel begins to feel tedious. Eventually, one begins to wonder if anything apart from a neurotic impulse was propelling Baker to lengthen this book.
The stylus has a too big tip and not responsive. I had to touch the surface so hard. Felt like i am going to break the screen. It leaves smudges like fingerprints all over the screen. Waste of money..
This product did not even come close to the package description. Since I have to use twenty words I thought I might describe my hair after applying the dye as witch black, muddy, flat, black dripping color, black ink like, soupy black. There is not one ounce of brown tone in my hair. Thank goodness for color dye removing products.
After reading the reviews for this machine, I decided to risk getting a lemon given the cheap price and good feature set. However, after 1 day of use, it stopped working. The S video connection and component video connection both stopped working. All I can say is you get what you pay for. It's on its way to the return bin now.My advice: skip this unless you want to waste your time with returns.
This product is not capable of making double flares for brake lines. I've tried to make at least 25 flares using 3/16"" brake line with this thing and all of them were uneven and lopsided. I had a friend try and he had the same result. The brake line was properly prepared before each flaring attempt. Very disappointed, but you get what you pay for.
Look elsewhere if you want quality that will last. If you just want cheap then you have found it. More junk for the landfill.
The edition is poor for a title like this. Another problem is that the book I received was in poor condition. The spine is beaten and the last pages are dirty. I hope a good edition but I received a poor edition.
This is a 2 CD album. Vol 2 is a splendid performance of the second halfof the program. Fine selections, witty, sympathetic singing, great solos,great orchestra performance and support.There is no Vol 1.The album's price is obviously inconsistent with it having two CD.s. And a re-order also brought me only Vol 2. So I take their word for it.If they ever decide to include both CD's, I'll be happy to change myrating to a full album rating.
I have had to un-install and reinstall three times and it still won't update on a very current Windows XP version. I hate how hard it is to download from my bank and it never recognizes the stuff anyway so I have to go through line by line and create aliases. I like Quicken better but the accountant can't figure out how to import Quicken into his Quickbooks Pro so here it is. Hate it, hard as ever not easier, the whole thing takes way too long to work with. Reports are a bit easier which is good or I would have tossed it out the window and bought Microsoft Money.
YESTERDAYS KIDS ROCK i live in neenah ,WI and they r best local band thier music is best u shoudl buy this album but its to bad they broke up and formed the Obsoletes but the obsoletes r really good and u should also get Is this progress by the obsoletes
A lot of fans feared this was their last album, because the energy and inspiration just didn't come through on the recording. There are many good songs, but, unfortunately, there are also a few bad ones (""Trephination"" for example, which seems to go nowhere). Maybe having ""a few"" bad songs doesn't seem like a big deal, but this came from a band whose every album was a monster of sound and energy! What happened? Maybe Duane (the guitarist) has too many side projects, because his tone is weak and the playing is uninspired. If you're looking to buy your first Jesus Lizard, buy Head or Goat instead.
I have never read Danielle Steele before, but I got ""Irresistible Forces"" for Christmas. I found the plot to be very predictable, and the style of writing very repetitive. I would almost say it was boring! I also found myself not liking the main female character, Meredith, who seemed very self centered and whiny with no depth of character. I actually was glad when Steve left her. In all fairness, and after reading the other reviews, I believe that this is not Ms. Steele's best book. A friend of mine, an avid fan, has lent me three other novels to try, including ""Message from Nam"", which, according to reviews on line, is very good. So I will try a few more novels before judging too harshly, and see what happens!
Not awfull, but i didn't know that vampires can't use contractions. That's right, the main vampire can't use contractions. Why, I don't know. It might just be bad acting.I blame it on the studio that made this film. It's less than B grade, but still has a few good moments. Very few. My favorite is the full front body pan of a realy hunky straight boy that lasts less than five seconds.Bottom line: If your drunk or stoned it's more fun than re-runs of 'Cops', but that about it.
It's very complicated to connect in! It's keep broken everytime i tried to connect in my car. It's finally broken when it was on fired... The connector fell of and touched the cicrete thingy.. and somehow it was on fire..
Or maybe it wasn't. That's the whole problem with this movie. Now I know people try to say this is a ""love it or hate it"" scenario, and they may be right. I, for one, hated it, from the bastardization of 80's pop hits to the sickening brilliance of color to the cheesy plot and poor acting, I thought this was a decadent, self-indulgent movie whose doubtless enormous budget was ciphoned into all the wrong areas. Both Kidman and MacGregor deserve much better. The camera angles are annoying, and the plot is terribly unoriginal. I can't say it enough - stay away from this movie.However, I also hated ""Romeo + Juliet"". I love Shakespere, and I also love musical theater. So maybe you just have to appreciate one or the other.
The movie is not at all beleivable; there is no real explanation as to how the husband gets away, leaving his wife covered in blood. Further, the ""conviction"" is not satisfactorily explained, and it is unclear what she is charged with. Then miraculously, after seven years, she locates her husband, and after he changed his name, identity. The plot, the characters, the whole thing just makes no sense. One of the worst movies I've seen.
I bought two of these units for Christmas gifts. The motor on the first one seized up after the second use and the grinder had to be returned directly to Kitchen Aid (which had good customer service and replaced it without issue). The second gift went to my Mother, who was replacing one she's had since the late 70's. She too returned it, but not for the same reason. After a few uses, she just got tired of losing coffee grinds to the countertop. The flap was down while in use, but the coffee would still come out the sides and top and go everywhere. The old model had an eliptical cup that caught just about everything. This one just makes a mess. The grind was good, but we'll be buying something else.
Jade cables are not that great... 26ga wire is thin, especially past 45.5"" with a typical console (-10 or +4)... Hosa doesn't disclose their gauge. Their wires seem thicker... Well my snake got pinched in my reorganization after buying a new board and, in my repairing of one of the leads, I have discovered that the Hosa has a thick sheathing and 26 gauge wire! I have a digital gauge, I'm not just eyeing it up. This damaged cable goes back with a letter of complaint and a demand for refund and I'll take my old 18 ga wires with 1/4"" ends and re-solder them with RCA!
I read Barbara Emerson's book, which is, in itself, a very informative book. It speaks to alot of interesting and unique issues associated with Reiki. But, being a Reiki Master/Teacher, I do not agree with the sacred process being filmed and used to attune people in the privacy of their own homes without a Master/Teacher presense. The attunement process is very emotional and the connection that takes place during that process is profound. I highly recommend reading her book, and learning all the hand positions/symbols/etc. that she details but I disagree with buying a video to be attuned. That is something you will want to do in person with the Master/Teacher of your choice.
I am a loyal Palm user and have waited with great anticipation for the M505. I picked mine up this week and what a disappointment!!! The screen is very difficult to see and there is no contrast control. I took it back and bought a Handspring Visor with a great screen. Palm missed it on this one.
I received my Rival ice cream maker as a Christmas present and it was love at first sight. Of course, being the dead of winter, I didn't use it much until the following Spring. However, by July, it began to over-heat before finishing a simple vanilla. I probably got six uses out of that sucker before it began having 'issues'. What started as mutual admiration ended in bitter recriminations.
Very inexpensive couldn't use it even once it fell apart right away, sending the product back.Price was excellent, we get what we pay for.
I ordered a timex watch at a very good price. It came within the specified time, which was very encouraging. I was very disappointed however, when i put it on my wrist. the expansion band was extra-long...an important detail that had not been listed in the description.I returned the watch immediately and want to commend Amazon for their expeditious return policy. I simply filled out the form which they e-mailed to me, brought the packet to UPS and sent it back Postage paid by Amazon. I received confirmation that the watch had been received and that my credit crd would be credited.
Instead of sacking the bloke with the nasty, hoarse, Cookie-Monster voice, the band members let him sing on just about every song! Hearing him yell ""bring it on!"" or howl ""blue moon rising!"" is ridiculous. The other vocalist has a better voice and should have taken over the singing duties. What a waste.
Well, the book is ..., contains interesting models that you will not find anywhere else, BUT: Title absolutly misleading. Even thought it contains several easy models, majority of interesting models are very complex. Even if you could handle it, be aware that: Diagrams are awful and I would like to emphasize it: every model contains a steps that are difficult to follow , from misleading to sometimes erroneous, imcomplete - some very complex steps are just sketched and you will not even see a result picture on next one, text description of steps is very pure. May be that is what autor wanted to say in the title: you will fight for every step to find out what is drawn here. I would recomend it to buy only for VERY expirienced folder who loves to solve puzzles.
I had one of these for about three months. It worked ok initially as long as I was careful not to let all the detritus fall out of the container. That happened a couple times -- very annoying.The real lame part of this product is the battery, which is absolutely terrible. There are very stringent charging requirements and even if you follow those to the letter, the battery still wears out. I think I used mine all of a dozen times. The whole unit went in the trash today when I discovered the battery to be dead beyond repair and that the replacements are $10. No thanks. I'll stick with my Dyson, even if it is bigger and heavier... Hey, at least it works.
This band has something to offer all of you, a headache. The truly ""rock"" songs, like pandamoranda have terrible screaching noises in the background like a highschool band who cannot keep their mikes from the the speakers. These harder songs are also very repetitive. The slower, sad songs, like candy are incredibly boring, and really just uninspired. A man sings on the piano, and that is pretty much it. It goes from low rock, to even lower piano/singing junk. Do NOT buy this, unless you just want to fit in with the other 10 poeple who said that this album ""Rocked"". Please use your hearts, not your stupid popularity influenced minds to see that this album totally sucks.
this album is the worst album in the world, i dont know why i bough it, it sounds like people banging things that make noise, and theres no melody, all the songs sound the same. id rather listen to killswitch engage, the man acctually screams, roars, growls, and can sing, yea...acctually sing! never heard that from this album. i had to give it 1 star, if u like metal, listen 2 judas priest, old school metallica, killswitch engage, shadows fall, pantera, old sepultura, blind guardian, demon hunter, megadeth, unearth, and ozzy, leave junk like this alone. i will give slayer some credit...THEY HAVE NOT SOLD OUT. thats it...they havent stoped making pathetic music, theres my 2 cents, i bought it, im reviewing it, i know alot of you are pissed, so i wont even come back on this slayer page again, there you go.
Well, they got the title right! This is the strangest movie I've ever watched. It wasn't scary, but just plain weird. If you're looking for movies for Halloween, don't waste your money. If you're in to s&m and pain, then go for it!
DVD producers are just as susceptible to greed as any politician or CEO. Here is a prime example. Owing to Acorn's unwholesome greed, Amazon has to charge $45 (FORTY-FIVE DOLLARS)for a 2-disc set. That is outrageous. My advice: don't buy this. Wait for the inevitable 4-disc set that will come out once the other 2 films have been shown in the U.S. Or, conversely, wait until the price drops on this one owing to lack of interest at that ridiculous price ... the resellers will certainly be offering much more reasonable prices. I like Suchet's Poirot as well as anyone, but I'm willing to wait.
My daughter is a year old. We got the walker a few months ago. My husband put it together, we helped our daughter hold on to the handle and it flew out from under her like a bullet!She would sometimes crawl behind it and push it. But, she got bored with that. Now that she has started walking she doesn't pay any attention to it. We fixed it where she can sit on it and push herself along, but her legs are too short. She threw balls into the basket a couple of times, but she has another toy that she can throw balls in that she likes a lot better.Also, the annoying music comes on so easily. All you have to do is walk near it and it goes off.We're getting her something different soon.
My mind and imagination were captivated by the film footage. That alone makes the documentary worth viewing.There are several inaccuracies of fact, ones that should have been easy to capture as they require no specialist knowledge.The main problem I have with the film is the inordinate amount of time spent on various crimes & ills of Stalin.Not that this information about Josef Stalin isn't interesting, a-lot of it doesn't seem very relevant.And the film sheds no light on Stalin or his crimes. According to the narrative tens of millions were murdered by Stalin because he was paranoid, megalomaniac, addicted to power, etc. No time is spent at all on Stalin's ideology. It would sound pretty ridiculous if someone argued that ""Hitler"" killed so many Jews because he had a thirst for power or he liked violence.Lots of problems with the narrative, but the series can't help but to make emotional impact.
I have read most of Mary Balogh Books including those out-of-print ones that I buy second-hand often at great expense. I have never read about such an unbelievable heroine. After buying the book and reading the first couple of chapters I was determined not to waste. The urge to smack the heroine was strong. She was supposed to have been physically and mentally abused all her life but suddenly 2/3s into the book, she realises she loves her abusive father anyway. She yearns for freedom to the point that she would risk scandal and being ostracised just to be free - so unbelievable of a woman of that era. A gently-bred woman who was raised on the Bible had no business doing what she did in the end as well.Don't get me started on the hero! The only time I had an respect for him was when he lost his temper with the heroine - and that was past the halfway mark of the book. And he promptly apologises! Wuss.
Watching this movie was painful. Storyline impossible to follow, k.d. lang naked, scenes which seemed like hallucinations, slow, and boring. Don't waste your time or money...
I bought this years ago thinking, like most others, that this product would help cool off my 360. Several years later my Xbox experienced the infamous Red Ring of Death and realized that it was the Intercooler. It was drawing too much power from the system AND became so hot that it fused itself to the power supply socket of the 360. My system is damaged because of this product. I completely regret this purchase. I hope Nyko realizes their mistake. I hope stores discontinue this product. I hope no one ever purchases the Intercooler.
I read some of Cornwell's earlier books but grew tired of them for some reason. I decided to try this one and got to page 85, at which point she was still recapitulating what happened, I surmise, in the previous book. But readers read to find out what happens in the current book, not in some earlier one. I stopped reading.
This movie was pure redneck horror trash.....ok maybe I'm being a bit hard on this movie but Rob you really let me down on thise one....It really took you that long to make this crap???? and all that time for what, nothing original, I mean the movie borrowed from everything from the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre to Natural Born Killer type cinematics.... pluse all those cheesy flash backs made for a realy ...annoying movie. I gave it one star cuz it was more cheesy and disgusting than even close to the scary horror movie I was expecting.
This vacuum worked great until I caught a ribbon one day and ever since, it's been querky. When I turn it on the brush will not turn until I bang the head against a hard object then it goes to town (until I have to unplug and start all over again. Now, the motor seems to be turning the belt drive, but the belt tightener is not pressing on it to tighten. If this belt problem (and as the other negative reviewer noted -A quick release to change the belt) was fixed, this would be a great unit.
All i want is a complete set of Herculoids. it sucks that all we get here is one show. been waiting years for something herculoids to come out and now i finally get 1 episode. i want them all!!! please :)
I was very pleased with this unit for the first 4 weeks. Then, after about a month of sporadic use, the motor died. Initially, I assumed it might have been a faulty electrical outlet. I mean, I am stationed in Korea, and living in the dormitories on base, so it's not completely impossible for the problem to be building related, right? Well, it turns out the problem wasn't building related. The motor just gave out, after about a month intermittent use.I am now in the process of trying to get Honeywell to send me a new unit. I will update this rating after that process comes to a conclusion.
This is the worst travel video and possibly the worst video I have ever seen. Where to begin...the narration has nothing to do with the visuals. While the narrator is talking about volcanic lakes the visuals are of pigs in the mud, and the volcanoes are never shown. This happens continuously. There is no helpful information whatsoever contained in this video. The photography is bad and the editing is worse. Utterly worthless, shameful.
Motorola Q Sucks. If you are a serious user of cell phone, then don't buy this. The phone is not good. That is the reason, Verizon has brought down the price from $199 to $79.Reasons why you should not buy this:I get the standby time of only 10 hours and talk time for just 2 hours. Where as Verizon claims that this phone has the stand by time of 212 hours and talk time for 7 hours. But, that is not true.Remember a situation like Sep 11 or Blackout day. If anything like this happens, then this phone will not help you for any reason.
I seldom use this unless I have company.Yes, it is elegant looking, but if you don't pour slowly, it drips. Very annoying.
the songs on this cd should have been listed as edited. since this was not the case it is now the trash that it is
I bought the Generation 1 Kindle when the price was 3 times what it is now. I believe in the device and am quite fond of using it. I particularly like enlarging the print on the pages. The cover that I ordered was not as expensive as many of the next generations' others. The cover DOES NOT fit the Kindle. The little ""tabs"" that are sewn into the cover at the top and bottom are too small to hold the device. They protrude above the back cover when the Kindle is inserted. The elastic band works OK, but does not keep the Kindle in the cover. The elastic band is the ONLY device on the cover to keep the Kindle in Place; therefore, the long end which is 7 3/4"" is left open and the Kindle is 8"". Bottom line: The cover just doesn't fit!!! I am disappointed. I want to keep my Kindle safe and secure.
I found FF11 to require long tracks of running to do meniel tasks. i did not enjoy it. To some it may be the best game ever made but to me it was a waste of money and time. Also the HDD doesnt do anything but play FF11 i hope this changes in the future.
I dont like this movie, it is one of the few films I really cant stand. I say we capture willy and sell him to Captain D's,make a few bucks. HA HA HA HA HA.........
As an avid reader of military history, I was keen to learn more on King Charles XII of Sweden. Unfortunately I am none the wiser on recieving my copy of this book. In fact calling it a book is a stretch, it is a photocopy of a book, a badly copied photocopy of a book. In some sections ink blotches cover parts of the text, rendering them unreadable. In other sections the text is barely visible, again rendering it unreadable. If you wish to study King Charles XII, find another publication.
alot of valid points here already, but, in a nutshell....it's abysmal.it works, neither as a childs, nor adults, movie.if you were in any doubt up to this point, rest assured, use your time & money elsewhere.im a reasonably well read comic book / graphic novel fan & have enjoyed SOME movies in the genre...this being somewhere right down near the bottom.i lasted 41 minutes. enough said.
The ""Ultraglide"" sole plate is not gliding very well anymore. After getting a little starch on the sole plate a brown charred film started to form over a small area. I cleaned it with a nylon pad but now the area constantly forms this film, always the same area, and the once smooth surface is rough and irregular. Ironing dress shirts is frustrating now because the iron doesn't glide at all anymore.I never had this problem with other manufacturer's irons and I am disgusted with this iron's poor quality.
I grow stevia plants and crumble the leaves into my drinks. I thought this natural greenish-colored powder would have the same taste. Unfortunately, it tastes like dust, not pure stevia. I prefer Stevita liquid stevia, unflavored. This powder was a big disappointment. My daughter felt the same way, and it was she who passed the Planetary Formulas stevia on to me.
As an owner of two previous high end Sony Walk-FM products,I was looking forward to this highly touted and hard-to-find item.Disappointment and disbelief were my rewards: poor signal-to-noise,poor rejection of neighboring stations, significant multipath deflection,poor general sound quality, poorly functioning ear buds in anattractive, tiny package.Don't even consider the SRF-M97!!!
I just wanted to say, I hope that no one finds there self given there daughter a gift that was suppose to be the best gift ever..I had to work so I had a friend track down what was suppose to be the swimming mermaid..to both our surprise Amazon had it..(right)...Have you ever seen the sadness in a lil ones eyes when they think they have something and it turns out to be all wrong, well if you have not, then I hope that you never do...This was my first time dealing with Amazon and at this time it may be my last...As of today, this same doll is still showing as if it is the swimming mermaid when in fact it is just a regular doll..buyer beware...
Well, this headset looks just like the existing onethat I have, in person and in the photo. But it doesn't work. At all!Terrible echoes, had to stop talking. Tried it multiple times. Its justa piece of junk! Too angry to bother sending it back.Sara
I loved this chair first time I set in it at a store. I ordered 5 for the whole family and still love the chair I just can't get them back into the bag, bag way too small. If I had checked out the bag before ordering I would have kept shopping for something else.
I know it was supposed to be a part of the early life as a priest of the founder of Opus Dei so more about others that he was aquainted with. Would have liked to have more on what he went on to accomplish because of things and experiences in his life.
I got this before my son's first birthday and am not impressed at all. Maybe I had too high of expectations. It's really cheaply made slightly thicker than cardboard. It hangs by a little ribbon. My son is 18 months and kept ripping it off of the wall. We just took it down, folded it up and put in in the closet. The chart is so dark that you can't see any writing that gives his height. Don't like it.
I, too, did not read the fine print and bought the paperback edition of this book, although both are titled ""(Workbook)"". I'm not sure where it states that the paperback was the workbook and the harcover was the manual, but the workbook is worthless without the manual. My advice? Buy the hardcover and hope that it includes the material rather than the questions.
For a full treatment of the lesbian as evil seducer of a young woman (who also holds her young lover psychologically captive) here's your book. Originally written as a play, the novel sticks to the three acts. The writing is intentionally and self consciously sparse - kind of annoying, but possibly original in its time and not without some merit. The lesbian character is almost completely without sympathy - you do in fact root for the man (in spite of his shoe fetish) because the lesbian is such a psychic vampire.For more information about lesbian pulps or to contribute to my wiki go to [...]
O! Can't poor Jackie O ever finally rest in peace? Now comes author Kathleen Caughwell-Varda's photo-packed coffeetable book that spends too many pages ""looking"" for the women who, like Jacqueline Kennedy Onasis, broke barriers and influenced their eras, from the 1800s to the present. The relatively unknown are here (Julia Gardiner Tyler, Elizabeth Patterson Bonaparte) as well as the essentials (Crawford, Swanson, Kelly.) Yawning yet? Save the money and go buy a pillbox hat.
We Bought these for friends in India.Was embarrassed as the Emblem fell off with in 2-3 days of use.
price point - too high $100 I'd buy.What no native PDF? There goes the biz purchase.Lose or minimize the keyboard. Go touch screen or offer bluetooth or a sliding KB.Color? how do illustrations look?Can you use gutenberg and UV E-text files?How about E-Textbooks from campus?Can you highlight text and hear it read ala Kurzweil, MS Reader and Wynn with a human-like voice? If not you lose my purchase recommendation for the disabled - I provide Assistive Technology Services.Overall a good start, but not enough to compete with Sony or push me over the edge for a test purchase.Finally, Kindle? Jeff you're just asking for grief. You'll hear about it on Letterman after the strike.
It will function for about 3 weeks after the warrenty expires and then die. Go online and read the rio users forum. If you buy this product you will regret it.
Why isn't there a rating lower than 1, like ""never mind"", for stinkpots like this flick? To the person above my post. STOP your lying, you weren't no extra in this movie. You probably weren't even a gleam in 2 drunken rednecks eyes when this crapolla was made. ""I"" was an extra in this movie. I was the Satanic Priest who cursed the two bikers and sent them on their way. NO, I'm only kidding, I wasn't no extra. But neither was this clown above me. I only seen this movie once, and that was enough for me. I love xploitation, road movies, and horrors flicks and all, but this movie didn't do any justice to any of those gens. Buy it if you want, but you'll more than likely regret it later.
Sorry, I just didn't find this show funny at all. And I LOVE Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz. So since those two films are a creation of Wright/Pegg/Frost, and Spaced is work of Wright/Pegg/Frost, I was hoping for something as hilarious and witty as Shaun and Fuzz from this show, but the wit, fun and humor just is not there. Pegg and Frost are fine, but ALL the other characters were horrible, especially the morose downstairs neighbor, Brian (Mark Heap). Every time he's on-screen, the show just dies. And the female lead, Daisy (Jessica Stevenson Hynes), is another show-killer. Just could not stand her. Honestly, I just don't know why this show is getting such rave reviews on Amazon. It's really not that good. Nowhere even close to being great like other UK TV comedies like Coupling and The Office. Now THOSE are hilarious shows. But Spaced? Not even close to being hilarious.
I saw this movie at the theater and was pretty disappointed. It looked interesting, lots of action, maybe some romance. Instead, it was a gorgeously shot boring movie. My husband, a former comic book geek, absolutely hated it and almost fell asleep during the predictable, often nonsensical story. Also, some of the myths about vampires are blatantly disregarded without explanation, like why these vampires can see their reflections in mirrors. The costumes, set, and cinematography were great, but I would never buy this movie, or even tape it off cable TV.
Long story short, I waited for over a week for this cable to come in and when it finally did... it was garbage. Too good to be true, shoulda went with the Mediabridge cable. Save your money and save yourself a headache. This cable didn't work for my PS3.
The summary says that this includes the 'history'. What?Nothing actually 'historical' is included - nothing. Nothing even gets near to explaining how millions of species fit into this small ark. The author clearly has little idea how many species there are or perhaps he thinks they have all evolved since Noah's day. If God wanted to save the animals by a miracle - fine, but that's not what The Bible says. If He wants Noah to save them by building an ark - forget it! They would have to be miniaturized like the people in 'Fantastic Voyage'.What about evidence of a flood? Forget that too! It would be far more informative to get a book about tectonic plate movement!If you are already convinced that this is a true story, then by all means try this version of the charming tale. If you are in any way realistic and want facts - don't bother.
We're on our second ""Platinum"" coffee maker. The first stopped brewing after nearly a year. The company was great with a replacement, especially considering we no longer had the receipt. We did, however register the machine after its purchase. Unfortunately, the replacement has failed and apparently in the same manner as the first one. It shows ""Brewing"" but it isn't, and no water will pump. Others have had the same failure on these machines, also. I have a lot of K-Cups laying around, so maybe I'll try another brand. Unfortunately, I've read some of them have ""water pumping"" issues, too. Hard to recommend this product.
The stated goal of this book is to introduce readers to the world of English women in the Tudor and Stuart periods, using the written words of men at that time. Hull makes the point that most books were written by men, and few enough women could read. That means the sources she has focussed on - 'lifestyle guides' as we might call them now, dealing with issues such as health, rules for wives and daughters, sex, child care, and cooking - are of limited help in telling us what women's lives were really like. At times the book reads like a study in misogyny, with women being derided, scolded, and lectured by the male authors of the period. While the extracts make interesting reading, I found the author's voice intrusive, as she makes anachronistic comments about the advice given in the books. Overall I would have preferred more direct extracts and less comment. However it is a useful collection of sources for the period.
I agree with nearly every other 1 star reviewer. After investing a lot of time reading this, I was holding out hope for a clever ending. But it felt very empty. My question to the author is this: did you come up with that ending first, and then try to build a story that ended there? In a sense, it seems to be a clever way to deal with the conspiracy of Flight 800 without actually altering the universe of his books (which is supposed to be the real universe). But it leaves the reader empty and angry at the lack of a true ending.
Is this for history buffs or is it romance hung on a skeleton of history? As no references or authorities are quoted I feel it is the latter. Entertaining, but not to be taken seriously. With a real interest in the events ""depicted"" I think I have wasted my money.
I was extremely upset when I received my tricorner bowl. Emblazoned with Made in India on the box, the quality was far inferior to the made in USA Nambe products that I have purchased in the past. I ended up returning this item.
How many songs can you listen to over and over again with such a long stretch between something new. This CD is only a recreation of what I already had on Josh's first CD and his ""Closer"" CD, aside from ""Believe"". I even paid to see him in concert and there was nothing new there either. I love the guy and think he is a great singer, but, it's like a brain washing to have to listen to the same thing over and over. Give us something new. Completely new and not mixed in with a bunch of songs we've already bought on his previous CDs. I don't know who is managing his affairs at this point, but, they'd better get him going or he will loose this fan. Absence does NOT make my heart grow fonder.
This was absolutely THE worst product I have ever bought for my computer, I was so frustrated that I brought it back after hours of tech support! Then I asked around, and everyone that had one, also had such a hard time with it. Terrible.
I've had my Cuisinart coffeepot for 11 years now, and recently broke the original carafe that came with it. Even after reading the reviews on Amazon, I decided to purchase the replacement. Well let me tell you, believe everything you read here! My new carafe cracked within 5 weeks of using it! I did not drop it or abuse it in any way. I was putting it back in the coffee maker after pouring myself a cup of coffee and viola! it cracked! All I can say is that I will never buy another Cuisinart product again EVER! I believe as others do that the glass is too thin on the replacement model. PIECE OF JUNK!!! Don't waste your money. You would be better off to buy a new coffee maker for $50, than to keep buying new carafes for $20 every two months. I personally will be researching my new coffee maker on Consumer Reports before I head back here to purchase.
I was very disapointed with this movie. They took a 4-6 hour miniseries and chopped it into a 2 hour movie. They cut the whole daughter story line out, which took out half of the plot and made what was left a pale and poorly made farce of the books story. With half of the plot gone it makes it very confusing and unenjoyable.I recorded this movie/miniseries off of the TV years ago and was glad to get a prerecorded version. Well I hope my recorded version lasts a long time.I hope they release it on DVD, but as the complete item and not this butcher job.
For the love of Pete, stay AWAY from this revolting garbage masquerading as film. If you want to watch a bad film that's funny-bad, go buy BATTLEFIELD EARTH or DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. But no one is laughing over this ... this project (I cannot call it a film). It is not worth your time. Do not even rent it thinking ""it can't be as bad as all that."" It *is* that bad. I promise you.Acting? bad. Directing? bad. Writing? there is no single word that can sum up the awful, pitiful atrocity that is the script to this miserable work. It's so bad, it made me dislike the first film; it's so bad, it makes the other Highlander sequels look good; it's so bad, that to this day I avoid other films by the same writer and director. It is THAT BAD.
I ordered this online, but I didn't even plug it in before I realized that it has RCA video out, but no RCA video in. It can only record off of the antenna. This wouldn't work for what I needed, so I had to return it.
No mystery here about who did it, and kept doing it -- Lovesey tells us from the beginning it was the Rev. And we always know who the next victim will be. But why?? He didn't like getting caned at school so he simply must have his luxuries one day a week -- which means stealing -- which means knocking off anyone who wants to check the church financial books.... Besides, with the price of gas for boats, it takes more than stealing the cash from the local bake sales. And talk about dopey women....pitiful, not hilarious. Not even a snigger.
I am a big Daniel Steel fan and was anxiously awaiting the opportunity to read her latest, The Klone and I. Although this was a very easy read it was NOT one of Steel's best. The plot was very unrealistic (even though cloning is big in the news) which made it hard to keep reading. Many of the events were very predictable and not much ""action"" was happening. This book was not like many of Steel's other best selling books, Silent Honor or The Long Road Home, which were hard to put down. Hopefully her next book will be better!
Drops connections as if it was it's job. Horrid Support, Horrid website. It really is one of the worst peices of equipt that I have every used, truly awful. Stick to inferiour cell phones you assphats.
I purchased 2 of these fans, I've only used one so far and it only lasted for one day. The fan started shaking really bad and then it would slow down and then just stop. Very poor quality, I haven't tried the second one but I'm pretty sure it will do the same thing. I'll buy something other than a Coleman next time.
