For the tornado scale developed by TORRO see TORRO scale.The Tornado and Storm Research Organisation (TORRO) was founded by Terence Meaden in 1974. Originally called the Tornado Research Organisation it was expanded in 1982 following the inclusion of the Thunderstorm Census Organisation (TCO) after the death of its founder Morris Bower and his wife.
Wrangler is an American manufacturer of jeans and other clothing items. The brand is owned by the VF Corporation who also own Lee JanSport and The North Face among others. Its headquarters is in downtown Greensboro North Carolina in the United States with production plants in a variety of locations throughout the world.
Medallia provides Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Customer Experience Management (CEM) and Enterprise Feedback Management (EFM) software and services to hospitality retail financial services high-tech and business-to-business (B2B) companies in the United States and internationally.As part of a Customer Relationship Management (CRM or Social CRM) program Medallia鈥檚 cloud-based Customer Experience (CX) software platform captures voice of the customer feedback across Web social mobile and contact center channels analyzes it in real-time and delivers action workflows to executive central and front-line teams for customer satisfaction customer loyalty Net Promoter scores and overall business performance.
Key Publications was an American comic-book company founded by Stanley P. Morse that published under the imprints Aragon Magazines Gillmor Magazines Medal Comics Media Publications S. P. M. Publications Stanmor Publications and Timor Publications.
Computershare Limited is an Australian stock transfer company that provides corporate trust stock transfer and employee share plan services in a number of different countries.The company currently has offices in 20 countries including Australia the United Kingdom Ireland the United States Canada the Channel Islands South Africa Hong Kong New Zealand Germany and Denmark.
Get is a Norwegian cable-TV operator and internet service provider. It operates a country-wide network and has the second largest customer base. Until 2006 Get was a part of UPC Broadband. Get is owned by Quadrangle Group.
Polini S.p.A. is an Italian manufacturer of tuning parts for motorcycles mopeds and scooters. Among other products they produce cylinders and variators for both racing and road use.They also produce pocket bikes with 50cc up to 15hp.The company was founded when the Italian soldier Polini Battista returned from his service in World War II and started making bicycles which sold very well. The first logo of the company was a ram which was the coat of arms of Battista's battalion.
Illusion (銈ゃ儶銉ャ兗銈搞儳銉 Iry奴jon) is a company from Yokohama Japan famous for developing eroge with 3D graphics.Due to Illusion's policy its games are not intended to be sold or used outside of Japan and official support is only given in Japanese and for use in Japan. RapeLay (2006) was made available in Britain through third-party sellers on Amazon.com. Due to the controversial game content Amazon withdrew the item from sale following complaints from users.
Cherry Lips (銉併偋銉銉笺儶銉冦儣銈 Cher墨 Rippsu) is a Japanese animation studio.
Trendrr is a New York-based digital and social media business intelligence platform that was acquired by Twitter in 2013.Using real-time and over-time dashboard views Trendrr allows users to identify volume sentiment location demographics and influencers around their product and brand as well as velocity around the media and links being shared on the social web. Users can look at competitive data and track against sales and marketing campaigns with historical views.
Bolera Caribe is a bowling center located in barrio Coto Laurel in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico where bowling competitions for the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games (CACG) were held. The venue is located at the intersection of PR-506 and PR-52. The Center is owned by Bolera Caribe Inc. a private company. The bowling center was inaugurated in November 2004.
Calgon Carbon Corporation is a Pittsburgh Pennsylvania based company that offers products and services that remove contaminants and odors from liquids and gases. The company was originally formed as the Pittsburgh Coke & Chemical Company which provided products that assisted with the city's formerly huge steel industry. However as steel processing shrunk in America the company began to go in a new direction.
IBM India Private Limited is the Indian subsidiary of IBM. It has facilities in Bangalore Delhi Kolkata Mumbai Chennai Pune Gurgaon Noida Chandigarh Indore Bhubaneshwar Coimbatore Visakhapatnam and Hyderabad.Between 2003 and 2007 IBM's head count in India has grown by almost 800% from 9000 in 2003 to nearly 74000 in 2007. Since 2006 IBM has been the multinational with the largest number of employees in India.
Contiki Tours is a Travel Corporation-operated coach tour company operating in Europe Russia Egypt Australia New Zealand North America South America and Asia. The travel company was formed in 1962 specifically to create coach trips for 18-35 year-olds to include a mix of sightseeing free time culture socializing and adventure.In 1961 New Zealander John Anderson arrived in London ready to explore Europe.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton New York; Los Angeles and Miami Beach as well as in wholesale venues around the globe. It is owned by Dylan Lauren daughter of the famous fashion designer Ralph Lauren.
CBI Laboratories Inc. is a company founded in 1982 which develops and manufactures products targeting the dermatological market. The company has its own research and development department which is responsible for formulations concentrating on skin care sun protection and hair care.CBI also offers over products for private label at small order quantities targeting Spas Skincare boutiques Aestheticians and Physicians offices.
TCDI (Technology Concepts & Designs Inc) is a private American corporation with division headquarters located in Reston VA and Greensboro NC. TCDI provides systems and database design services for government agencies and provides proprietary software and services to corporations and AmLaw200 firms that assists in the processing and management of large volumes of Electronically Stored Information (ESI) in preparation for large-scale litigation and investigations.
This is a list of events held in 2012 by K-1 a kickboxing promotion based in Hong Kong.
Mikud group (Hebrew: 拽讘讜爪转 诪讬拽讜讚) is one of the largest security and cleaning companies in Israel. The company employs about 4500 workers. The company was established in 1984 by Soli Elyashar. The headquarters of the company is located at Rival Street south Tel Aviv. The company began its way in Jerusalem solely as a security company later expanding its services to give Full Solution services to its clients.
Lehigh University Press is the publishing house of Lehigh University. Lehigh's university press was a member of the Associated University Presses consortium; other members included Bucknell University Press University of Delaware Press Susquehanna University Press and Fairleigh Dickinson University Press.
Carmel is a car and limousine Car Service mainly focused on airport trips. First established in 1978 Carmel Car Service is one of the largest car service companies and limousine services in the world and provides international car service. The company dispatches 1200 drivers in New York City alone and serves more than 300 cities around the world including 150 in the United States.
CRI Middleware Co. Ltd. (formerly CSK Research Institute Corp.) is a Japanese developer providing middleware for use in the computer and video game industry. From the early nineties CRI was a video game developer but shifted focus in 2001.
Ziehl-Abegg SE is a German manufacturer of fans for ventilation and air conditioning applications as well as drive technology for elevators and motors with matching control technology. The company's headquarters are in Kuenzelsau Hohenlohe Germany.The Ziehl-Abegg Group owns Kuenzelsau (Headquarters) Ziehl-Abegg Automotive GmbH (Kuenzelsau Germany) and all international subsidiaries.
Boss Hoss Cycles is an American motorcycle manufacturer founded by Monte Warne in 1990 and based in Dyersburg Tennessee. The company manufactures motorcycles and trikes equipped with V8 engines produced by General Motors and semi-automatic transmissions. By the mid-1990s Boss Hoss was selling 300 vehicles per year.
L.K.Bennett is an international luxury fashion brand based in London United Kingdom. Reflecting its modern British heritage it has established itself as a leading British brand offering collections of shoes clothing handbags and accessories.
Changyou.com ltd operates and develops online games primarily massively multiplayer online games in China. Originally an internal division of Chinese Internet company Sohu Changyou was spun off and went public in 2009.Some of its games derive revenue from the sale of virtual goods.C. 2009 its most popular game may have been the MMO Tian Long Ba Bu (Chinese: 澶╅緳鍏閮) which roughly translates to the Eight Part Heavenly Dragon.
For the defunct American automotive company see: Crosley MotorsCrossley Motors was a British motor vehicle manufacturer based in Manchester England. They produced approximately 19000 high quality cars from 1904 until 1938 5500 buses from 1926 until 1958 and 21000 goods and military vehicles from 1914 to 1945.Crossley Brothers originally manufacturers of textile machinery and rubber processing plant began the licensed manufacture of the Otto internal combustion engine before 1880.
Beyond Records is an Norwegian record label founded in Bod酶 in 2011. The record label has released albums and singles with artists such as Cold Mailman Eline Thorp and the platinum selling pop duo Sirkus Eliassen.
Milk Link is a large dairy company in the United Kingdom. It is the UK's largest dairy cooperative and the UK's largest producer of cheese.
Harrisonburg Transit is the municipally-owned public transportation system for the City of Harrisonburg in the Shenandoah Valley region of Virginia. The system is operated by the Harrisonburg Department of Public Transportation (HDPT). Funding for the bus service is provided by the Virginia Department of Transportation U.S. Department of Transportation James Madison University and the City of Harrisonburg.
Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group is a leading British-based insurance and re-insurance business. It is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Blue Fountain Media is a digital marketing agency from New York City providing website development and online marketing strategies.
Poorman Mayfield Music Group is record label group founded in 2009 by Grammy-winning jazz trumpeter and bandleader Irvin Mayfield.
D&B Software (Dun & Bradstreet Software Services) was formed by the merger of the Management Science America and McCormack & Dodge companies in June 1990 under the ownership of the Dun & Bradstreet corporation. The separate company headquarters located in Massachusetts and Atlanta were retained with videoconferencing used for communication. Originally the merged company was a supplier of financial packages that ran on mainframe computers.
ZF Electronics GmbH (formerly known as Cherry GmbH) is a German computer peripheral-device maker. The company has its roots in the USA. They also manufacture a large range of products including sensors input devices and automotive modules. In 2008 Cherry GmbH was bought by ZF Friedrichshafen and as a result was renamed to ZF Electronics GmbH now a subsidiary of ZF Friedrichshafen. However they continue to sell products under the Cherry brand and the Cherry logo is still in use.
Canovate Group of Companies is a manufacturer of industrial enclosures server cabinets fiber optic connectivity and data center products. Canovate Group product lines range from Fiber Optic Connectivity to Data Centers Solutions and from Rack Cabinets to Intelligent Power Distribution Units coupled with (B2B) and (B2C) sales.
Patton Boggs is a full-service law firm and lobbying firm headquartered in Washington D.C. It has more than 450 lawyers and professionals in nine locations in the United States and the Middle East. Patton Boggs specializes in litigation public policy business intellectual property international and trade law with over 200 international clients from over 70 countries. In addition to the firm's Washington D.C.
Crolla was a 1980s British high fashion brand and boutique founded by Scott Crolla and Georgina Godley in Mayfair鈥檚 Dover Street. Always niche it was influential for its juxtaposition of unusual and vintage fabrics (often furnishing fabrics) and traditional tailoring.
Victoria's Secret is the largest American retailer of lingerie and was founded by Roy Raymond in 1977. 2012 sales were $6.12 billion with an operating income of $1 billion. The company sells lingerie womenswear and beauty products through its catalogs (sending out 375 million a year) website and its U.S. stores. Victoria's Secret is wholly owned by publicly traded L Brands company.
Towa Chiki Corporation (鏍寮忎細绀俱儓銉笺儻銉併偔 Kabushikigaisha T艒wa Chiki) is a Japanese toy company responsible for many Famicom games in the late 1980s and 1990's. They were responsible for the critical and commercial bomb A Week of Garfield.
This article is about the metal label. For the South African alternative label see Shifty Records.Shifty Records is an independent record label in the United States specializing in metal. It produces music by bands such as Boulder.
Founded in 2002 by river cruise executives Rudi Schreiner Kristin Karst and Jimmy Murphy AmaWaterways is a river cruise line that operates worldwide across three continents. The company offers 30 unique itineraries for a variety of destinations throughout Europe Asia and Africa although the majority of their cruises take place on Western Europe's Danube River Rhine River Main River Mosel River and Rh么ne River. The company is a member of Cruise Lines International Association.
Royal Securities Corporation Limited was a Canadian stock brokerage firm founded in Halifax Nova Scotia in early 1903 by John F. Stairs its first president. The company was the first brokerage firm to be opened east of Montreal Quebec the then financial center of Canada.A prominent and influential businessman John F. Stairs was also a former politician who had been elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly and the Canadian House of Commons.
Weber Shandwick is a public relations firm formed in 2001 by merging the Weber Group (1987) Shandwick International (1974) and BSMG (2001).
Culver CityBus is a public transport agency operating in Culver City California currently serving Culver City the unincorporated community of Marina del Rey and the adjacent Los Angeles neighborhoods. Its regular fleet is painted bright green and its rapid fleet primarily a dull gray distinguishing it from Santa Monica's Big Blue Bus orange-colored Metro Local buses and red-colored Metro Rapid buses whose coverage areas overlap on Los Angeles's Westside.
Armchair Arcade is a video game journalism website based in the United States.
EnBW Energie Baden-W眉rttemberg AG or simply EnBW is a publicly traded electric utilities company headquartered in Karlsruhe Germany.
Booster Juice Ltd is Canada's largest chain of fresh juice and smoothie bars. The chain specializes in smoothies composed of a pure juice fruit sorbet or vanilla frozen yogurt frozen fruit fresh yogurt and ice. Founded in 1999 in Sherwood Park Alberta the company has grown to have 249 traditional and 36 non-traditional locations in Canada 18 in India 6 in the United States 5 in Mexico 2 in the Netherlands and 1 in Brazil.
Daisy Group plc (formerly known as Freedom4 Group plc and Pipex Communications plc) is a British company that sells Internet and telecommunications services including hosting broadband Internet connections and VOIP.
Shanachie Records was founded in 1975 by Richard Nevins and Dan Collins. The label is named for shanachie an Irish 'story teller'.According to Harvey Pekar it is one of the largest independent record labels in the world and is currently distributed by E1 Music. Starting as a record label that specialized in fiddle music they began releasing work by Celtic groups such as Planxty Clannad. Other genres on the label include Latin American African music soul country and ska.
Hotel Shilla is a South Korean operator of luxury hotels and duty-free shops. It is a member of The Leading Hotels of the World. Bu-Jin Lee is the current general manager and CEO of The Shilla.
Lucid Incorporated was a Menlo Park California-based computer software development company. Founded by Richard P. Gabriel in 1984 it went bankrupt in 1994.
Metro International is a Swedish media company based in Luxembourg that publishes the Metro newspapers. Metro International's advertising sales have grown at a compound annual growth rate of 41% since launch of the first newspaper edition in 1995. It is a freesheet meaning that distribution is free with revenues thus generated entirely through advertising.
TeleTech Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: TTEC) is a global business process outsourcing company headquartered in Englewood Colorado that provides strategy consulting technologies and services for customer experience management. Kenneth D. Tuchman founded TeleTech in 1982. As of August 2012 the company was operating in 24 countries with a total of 58 call centers.
Grey Ghost Press was founded in 1994 by Ann Dupuis after spending time working on the Fudge RPG system by Steffan O'Sullivan. She initially created the company as Wild Mule Games in 1994 incorporated her company the following year as Ghostdancer Press and then changed the name to Grey Ghost Press.The company soon became the owner of the copyright of Fudge and began officially publishing the system with their first release Fudge 1995 Edition.
The FD Mediagroep (also known as FDMG) is a Dutch company that owns Het Financieele Dagblad and BNR Nieuwsradio.
Stollers also known as Stollers Furniture World is a British-based home furnishings retailer. It is located at one site Walney Road Barrow-in-Furness North West England United Kingdom. It is currently one of the largest single site furniture stores in the country.
Metropoline (Hebrew: 诪讟专讜驻讜诇讬谉鈥) is an Israeli bus company which provides bus routes from Beersheba to Tel Aviv and other destinations mainly in the Southern District. It was founded in 2000 by Tour Bus and two other transportation companies.
Granton Institute of Technology is a correspondence learning institution in Canada. It was established in Toronto Canada in 1934. Granton provides a long list of correspondence courses. The courses are provided using mail delivery.The increasing competition in learning industry through the internet has affected traditional correspondence schools. Most of these institutes moved toward more modern methods of learning including email web and multimedia.
Tokyopop styled TOKYOPOP and formerly known as Mixx is an American distributor licensor and publisher of anime manga manhwa and Western manga-style works. The existing German publishing division produces German translations of licensed Japanese properties and original English-language manga as well as original German-language manga. Tokyopop's defunct US publishing division previously published works in English and Japanese.
ACE Radio is an Australian radio company who own and operate several AM and FM stations in Victoria.Since 1984 ACE Radio Broadcasters have been at the forefront of regional radio jointly owned by the Handbury and Paterson families who are themselves regionally based.The company has grown over the years to include 13 radio stations one newspaper (The Weekly Advertiser - free to Wimmera residents) Country Directories Australia ACE Direct Sales Melbourne Radio School (Australia's only network owned radio school) and employs over 160 people.
Korrio is the developer of Playflow a Youth Sports Automation platform. Founded in January 2009 by Steve Goldman after being involved in multiple youth sports through his children Korrio is headquartered in Seattle Washington.Korrio is led by a team of executives with expertise in technology sports and business.
Vattanac Capital Tower is the tallest skyscraper located in Phnom Penh Cambodia with 39 stories. It is owned by Vattanac Properties Limited an affiliate of the Vattanac Bank. The construction started in 2009 topped out on May 10 2012 and was estimate to reach completion in late 2012.
Caja de Ahorros de Navarra or Caja Navarra or CAN was a medium-sized savings bank based in the Navarre province of northern Spain with headquarters in Pamplona.
Safiran Airlines (Persian: 賴賵丕倬蹖賲丕賷蹖 爻賮蹖乇丕賳鈥) was a cargo airline based in Tehran Iran. It specialised in international cargo flights on a charter basis especially outsized cargo handling and wet-leasing aircraft when required.
Arke (formerly Arkefly) is a Dutch charter airline headquartered in Schiphol-Rijk on the grounds of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in Haarlemmermeer Netherlands. It is the charter carrier of the Dutch arm of the German travel conglomerate TUI and its main base is Schiphol Airport. It carries out regular and chartered flights although most of the chartered flights are operated for the Dutch tour operator Arke.
Power Music is an American record label based out of Salt Lake City UT. Their catalog is composed entirely of rerecorded popular songs to specific Beats Per Minute as part of a non-stop workout mix.Power Music Inc.
China Agri-Industries Holdings Limited (simplified Chinese: 涓鍥界伯娌规帶鑲℃湁闄愬叕鍙; traditional Chinese: 涓鍦嬬厂娌规帶鑲℃湁闄愬叕鍙) (SEHK: 606) is a leading producer and supplier of processed agricultural products (including oilseed wheat and rice) in Mainland China. Its service categories are biofuel and biochemical oilseed processing rice trading and processing brewing materials and wheat processing. Its chairman is Mr.
BaltCap is a private equity and venture capital investor in the Baltic states of Estonia Latvia and Lithuania focusing investment on the growth and realization of small and medium enterprises (SMEs). BaltCap invests in Baltic companies with the potential to grow in the region and beyond out of its offices in the capitals of Tallinn Riga and Vilnius.
Ticknor and Fields (1854-1889) was an American publishing company based in Boston Massachusetts.
Leader Dogs for the Blind is a guide dog training school located in Rochester Hills Michigan. It was founded in 1939 by Lions Club members Charles Nutting Don Schuur and S.A. Dodge as the second guide dog school founded in the U.S.
Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna (CIMP) was established in 2008 as an autonomous institution under the Societies Act with support from the government of Bihar. An AICTE-approved institution it is established on the lines of IIMs. It deserves the status of an IIM says Dr. S.C. Jha the economic advisor to the prime minister of India. The school is ranked a Top 50 management institute in India.
Vimal Jyothi Engineering College Chemperi is a private self-financing engineering college coming under the Catholic Management with minority status established in the year 2002 in the state of Kerala managed by The Meshar Diocesan Educational Trust Archbishop's House Thalassery.
Central Catholic High School is a college preparatory school with an academic campus in Lawrence Massachusetts and an athletic campus in Lawrence Massachusetts associated with the Marist Brothers of the Schools and the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston and founded in 1935 by Brother Florentius. As of 2010 the current principal Doreen Keller is the school's first female to hold the office and its president is Brother Richard J. Carey FMS.
St Hugh's College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford. It is located on a fourteen and a half acre site on St Margaret's Road to the North of the city centre. It was founded in 1886 as a women's college and accepted its first male students in its centenary year in 1986.It enjoys a reputation as one of the most attractive colleges because of its extensive pleasant gardens.
The British University in Egypt is a private Egyptian university in El Sherouk Greater Cairo Egypt. Founded in September 2005through an inter governmental agreement the University provides a British style of education and awards degrees validated by its partner UK universities and the Egyptian Supreme Council. Located some 30 km from downtown Cairo the campus covers approximately 40 acres (fedans) of land with some 27000 m虏 space of modern purpose-built teaching facilities.
St. David's School is an independent Episcopal school in Raleigh North Carolina that states its mission as preparing young men and women for college and life by providing challenging opportunities to excel in the vital areas of faith virtue and knowledge. The school includes elementary middle and high school.
Bonaventura College Burggravenlaan is one of four secondary schools that make up the Bonaventura College in Leiden Netherlands. The name Burggravenlaan is derived from the street in which the school is based. The school offers education at vmbo-tl havo and vwo (both atheneum and gymnasium) level.The school is officially noted as Roman catholic.Bonaventuracollege Burggravenlaan currently consists of two buildings; the original and a new building built on the schoolyard in 2001.
Cannon Lane Primary School is a primary school in Pinner in the London Borough of Harrow. The school currently has around 360 pupils.
Secondary Boarding School (Dharan)Secondary Boarding School is an English medium school located in Dharan Nepal.
Central Catholic High School is a private Catholic coeducational diocesan high school in Canton Ohio run by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Youngstown. Central began educating in 1946 when the Diocese merged the all-female Mount Marie Academy and the co-ed St. John High School. Although Central is a Catholic high school it is open to non-Catholic students as well.
Kangwon National University School of Law (Korean:臧曥洂雽頃欔祼 氩曧暀鞝勲鸽寑頃欖洂 also known as KNU Law School 臧曥洂氩曤寑 搿滌姢炜 or KangLaw 臧曤) is one of the professional graduate schools of Kangwon National University(KNU). Located in Chuncheon Republic of Korea it is one of the 25 government approved law schools. It plans to specialize in environtmental law and offers scholarship to all eligible students.
Merewether High School is a co-educational academically selective high school for students from Years 7-12. Located in the suburb of Broadmeadow in the city of Newcastle New South Wales it is the only academically selective school in the Lower Hunter Region.Since 1989 enrolment is determined by an academic selection process. The school has approximately 1000 students with a planned capacity of 1080 students (180 from each year from 7鈥12).
Marian Catholic High School is a co-educational college preparatory secondary school in Chicago Heights Illinois. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago.
The Ponce High School is public educational institution in Ponce Puerto Rico offering grades ten through twelve. The school's main building is a historic structure located on Cristina Street in the Ponce Historic Zone. From its beginning the school has secured a unique place in Puerto Rico's educational history.
KLN College of Engineering is one of the top first self-financed engineering colleges in southern Tamil Nadu. It is situated on the southeastern outskirts of Madurai and built in an area of 53.8 acres (218000 m2) with multistoreyed buildings. It is a Sourashtra minority college. It is the first self-financing co-educational Engineering College in Madurai started in 1994. K.L.N KRISHNAN was the Founder of the college.
Avans University of Applied Sciences (Dutch: Avans Hogeschool) is a high-ranked Dutch vocational university. It is located in three cities: Breda 's-Hertogenbosch and Tilburg. The school has 25000 students studying 40 courses in 18 institutes. There are 2300 employees.Avans University of Applied Sciences itself was founded on January 1 2004 as a union of Hogeschool 's-Hertogenbosch and Hogeschool Brabant in Tilburg Breda and Etten-Leur.
The OSU College of Engineering is the College of Engineering at The Ohio State University.
Philo High School is a public high school in Duncan Falls Ohio that serves grades 9-12. It is the only high school in the Franklin Local School District. The school colors as well as the district colors are gold and blue. They are nicknamed the Philo Electrics. The current principal is Troy Dawson.
ACG Tauranga will be a private coeducational secular non-selective uniformed day and boarding school located on the outskirts of Tauranga New Zealand. The school is owned and operated by Auckland-based private education company Academic Colleges Group.When opened in 2015 the school will offer places for 300 Year 1-9 students. From 2016 it will gradually be extended in two-year increments to be a full kindergarten-Year 13 day and boarding school with a role of 700 students.
Sevastopol National University of Nuclear Energy and Industry is a Russian University.Post address: 7 Kurchatova st. Sevastopol Russia.
Caterham High School is a mixed comprehensive 11-18 school in Clayhall London. There are 1100 students in the school. The school is supported by the Arts Council[citation needed].
Lincoln Pius X High School is the central Catholic high school in Lincoln Nebraska and the Diocese of Lincoln. Pius X is the largest Catholic high school in the state of Nebraska with an enrollment of 1060 young men and women. The school was founded October 1 1956 by Bishop Louis B. Kucera.As of 2010 its current Superintendent is Father James Meysenburg.
Jowai Polytechnic was established in 2002 by the Government of Meghalaya as a polytechnic college. It is an AICTE recognised college and currently offers diplomas in 3 disciplines.
The University of Augsburg (German: Universit盲t Augsburg) is a university located in the Universit盲tsviertel section of Augsburg Germany. It was founded in 1970 and is organized in 7 Faculties.The University of Augsburg is a relatively young campus university with approx. 18000 students in Oct 2012.
Patriot High School is a high school in Jurupa Valley California and is part of the Jurupa Unified School District. It accommodates students of the 9th to 12th grades. It is one of four high schools in the Jurupa Unified School District along with Jurupa Valley High School Rubidoux High School and Nueva Vista.
For the college of the same name in Los Angeles California see Los Angeles Pierce College; for the homophone college in Philadelphia see Peirce CollegePierce College is a community college district operating in and serving Pierce County in the U.S. state of Washington.
Ravens Wood School located in Keston London Borough of Bromley England is an all-boys school. The Sixth Form accepts both boys and girls. As of 2009 the school had 1450 pupils. The school is a designated technology college specialising in Design Technology and Information Technology. The school became an academy on 1 April 2011. Mr Kevin Saunders is the Principal.
The Rutgers School of Public Health (abbreviated SPH) is part of Rutgers Biomedical and Health Sciences. Prior to July 1 2013 is was affiliated with the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey.
Marymount High School is an all-girls school in Highgate St Mary Jamaica. It was established in 1935 by sisters of the Franciscan Order. It has 840 students.
Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls is an independent day school in Elstree Hertfordshire. It is often referred to as 鈥淗abs鈥 or 鈥淗abs Girls鈥 to distinguish it from the neighbouring Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School. The school was founded in 1875 by the Worshipful Company of Haberdashers one of the Great Twelve Livery Companies of the City of London.
Siddaganga Institute of Technology (SIT) is one of the premier technological institutes in the state of Karnatakalocated in the town of Tumkur Karnataka India. It is one among the 130+ educational institutions run by the Sri Siddaganga Educational Society. This prestigious institute was established in 1963 starting with three Courses leading to Bachelor of Engineering in Civil Mechanical and Electrical Engineering and is now offering undergraduate degree courses in 12 disciplines.
Crown Point High School (CPHS) is located in Crown Point Indiana a mile and a half south of the town square. This was not always the case up until 2003 the high school was located 2 blocks west of the town square; which is now the location of the brand new middle school. Here is the site with a list of maps and plans before they actually built the new middle school. The new Crown Point High School was designed for the growing student population that Crown Point High School was receiving.
The West Surrey College of Art and Design (1969-1995) then Surrey Institute of Art & Design (University College) (1994-2005) was a leading art college in the United Kingdom. It merged with the Kent Institute of Art & Design on August 1 2005 to form the University College for the Creative Arts at Canterbury Epsom Farnham Maidstone and Rochester now the University for the Creative Arts.
De La Salle Philippines (DLSP) (incorporated as De La Salle Philippines Inc) established in 2006 is a network of Lasallians in the Sector of the Philippines established to facilitate collaboration in the Lasallian Mission and the promotion of the spirit of faith zeal for service and communion in mission. There are currently of sixteen (16) Lasallian Educational Institutions in the Philippines.
Cinnabar Elementary School District is a public school district based in Sonoma County CA United States.
Buena High School is part of the Ventura Unified School District and serves most of the eastern portion of Ventura. The school has an enrollment of 2312 students.
Gordon College also known as Dalubhasaang Gordon in Filipino is a local government-funded college in Olongapo City Philippines. It was founded on February 24 1999 by virtue of City Ordinance No. 9 and is composed of four constituent colleges: College of Computer Studies College of Business and Accountancy College of Education and College of Nursing.
The Stephens County School District is a public school district in Stephens County Georgia USA based in Toccoa Georgia. It serves the communities of Avalon Martin and Toccoa Georgia.
Mt. Carmel High School (MCHS) a California Distinguished High School in 2005 is located in Rancho Pe帽asquitos a community of San Diego California United States. The school belongs to the Poway Unified School District and its mascot is the Sundevil. The current principal is Greg Magno who replaced Dawn Kastner. . Mt. Carmel High School is both a California Distinguished School Award winner(1985 1999 2005) and a National Blue Ribbon School(1989 2000).
Joaquin Suarez's high school was the first public secondary school in Pocitos in the city of Montevideo. From 1944 to 1948 its location was in Magallanes street where he shared the building with the Italian School a place that later the Faculty of Economics and Faculty of Humanities later.
Malmesbury School is a co-educational 11-18 school in the Wiltshire town of Malmesbury England serving a large and predominantly rural catchment area. It has 1260 students on roll including 225 in the 6th Form. The school became an academy in August 2011 and In 2012 received Outstanding in every category following a short notice Ofsted inspection
Colonel Brown Cambridge School is an English medium residential school located in Dehradun India. It was founded in 1926 with five students. It was the 1st all boys residential school in Dehradun.The campus is in the town of Dehradun on the foothills of Mussoorie - Queen of Hills in India with 500 students and nine hostel buildings. The school is secular and admits boys from all parts of the world representing all religions castes and creeds.
Southampton Academy is a small private college-preparatory school located at 26495 Old Plank Rd. in Courtland Virginia. Southampton Academy also known locally as The Academy and SA provides education for students from pre-kindergarten through the 12th grade. Southampton Academy was founded in 1969 as a segregation academy.
Brahmrishi Bawra Shanti Vidya Peeth is a private school located at Jammu and Kashmir District Udhampur. The school was founded by Brahmrishi Vishvatma Bawra Ji Maharaj (Founder of International Brahmrishi Mission).
Quincy College (QC) is a public junior college located in Quincy Massachusetts. It is an open admission commuter school that offers associate's degrees and certificate programs in professional fields of study. Founded in 1958 Quincy College is a two-year municipally affiliated college serving approximately 4000 students at campuses located in Quincy and Plymouth Massachusetts.
Damghan University is a university in the city of Damghan in Semnan Province in Iran.
B.D.M. Institute Bhiwani is a secondary school located in Loharu Bhiwani district Haryana India.
The Autonomous University of Zacatecas (in Spanish: Universidad Aut贸noma de Zacatecas UAZ) is a Mexican public university based in the city of Zacatecas Zacatecas but with several campuses across the state.
Don Bosco School Bandel or DBB is an all-boys English medium school established in 1978. It is run by the Salesians of Don Bosco which is a congregation within the Catholic Church. The school operates under the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations. DBB is one of the International Don Bosco family of schools. The first Don Bosco Institution in India was set up in Thanjavur Tamil Nadu by the Salesians in the early 1900s.
Ballinger High School is a 2A public high school located in Ballinger Texas (USA). It is part of the Ballinger Independent School District located in south central Runnels County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
The University Center of Belo Horizonte (UniBH) (Portuguese: Centro Universit谩rio de belo Horizonte) is a university center located in the city of Belo Horizonte in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil. It is considered the best university center of the city of Belo Horizonte and one of the best universities in Brazil according to the Brazilian Ministry of Education (survey 2011). It is one of the strongest names in higher education in Belo Horizonte along with UFMG and PUC Minas.
The Claremont Colleges are an American consortium of five undergraduate and two graduate schools of higher education located in Claremont California a city 35 miles (56 km) east of downtown Los Angeles and 25 miles (40 km) west of downtown San Bernardino. Unlike most other collegiate consortia such as the Five Colleges Consortium in Massachusetts and the Tri-College Consortium in Pennsylvania the Claremont College campuses are adjoining and within walking distance of one another.
Our Redeemer's Christian School is a private Christian school in Minot North Dakota. Founded in 1982 the school serves students in preschool through grade 12 and shares a building with Our Redeemer's Lutheran Brethren Church.
Lee Academy is a private boarding and day high school in Lee Maine. Lee Academy was founded in 1845 as a teacher training school and now serves grades 9鈥13.
The AL Watania Poultry Institute of Technology (Arabic: 賲毓賴丿 丿賵丕噩賳 丕賱賵胤賳賷丞 賱賱鬲賯賳賷丞鈥) (WIT) is established as a result of strategic partnership of Technical and Vocational Training Corporation(TVTC) and Al-Watania Poultry Co. in Saudi Arabia. This is one of non- profit institutes developed in kingdom to promote the technical education in the field of poultry production and support services.This is solely initiative of Al-Watania Poultry Co. to establish this institute.
Novi High School (commonly Novi or NHS) is a public secondary school in Novi Michigan United States in Greater Detroit serving students in grades 9鈥12. It is operated by Novi Community School District and was awarded Blue Ribbon School status in 1986-87 and 1999-00.
The College of Creative Studies is one of the three undergraduate colleges at the University of California Santa Barbara unique within the University of California system in terms of structure and philosophy. Its small size student privileges and grading system are designed to encourage self-motivated students with strong interests in a field to accomplish original work as undergraduates. A former student has called it a 鈥済raduate school for undergraduates鈥.
The Adianta School for Leadership and Innovation is a newly founded School for higher education offering 1-year and 2-year Post-Graduate Diplomas in Leadership and Innovation in New Delhi India.The school is founded by Aditya Dev Sood and it is an effort between large innovation organizations.
Southport High School is a high school located at 971 East Banta Road in Indianapolis Indiana United States. Located in Perry Township on the south side of the city Southport is a part of the Metropolitan School District of Perry Township.Southport's teams are nicknamed the Cardinals. The enrollment for the 2008-2009 school year was 1998.
Falinge Park High School is a 11鈥16 mixed comprehensive school in Shawclough area of the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale in Greater Manchester United Kingdom. The school has been recognised as an Investor in People and has gained the International School Award as well as Artsmark Gold Sportsmark Gold and the Healthy Schools status. In 2010 Ofsted inspection it was found to be a good school where students rise to the high expectations of the headteacher and staff.
Eastern Polytechnic is a university located in Kenema the third largest city of Sierra Leone. along with the Kenema campus Eastern Polytechnic was designed as a multi-campus institution with a campus at Bunumbu in the Kailahun District (this campus was destroyed in the Sierra Leone Civil War) another at Woama in the Kono District (this campus was planned after the war and two buildings were erected but the site has been abandoned).
The University of St Andrews Athletic Union (commonly known as the AU) is the umbrella organisation for the support and development of sport and sports clubs at the University of St Andrews. Run by students for students it provides structure and advice to over 60 clubs and several thousand members.
The Middlesex County Academy for Science Mathematics and Engineering Technologies is a four-year comprehensive career academy college preparatory magnet public high school located on the campus of the Middlesex County College in Edison in Middlesex County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Middlesex County Vocational and Technical Schools.
Pioneer Secondary Alternative High School is a public alternative high school in Prineville Oregon United States.
Martin County High School is a public high school in Stuart Florida in the Martin County School District. The school enrolled 2079 students in a 2012 census. Its mascot is the Tiger and its colors are blue and gold. The principal is Alfred Fabrizio.
North Middlesex Regional High School is a public high school located in Townsend Massachusetts in Middlesex County. It serves grades 9-12 primarily from Townsend Pepperell and Ashby. North Middlesex Regional High School has approximately 1100 students.According to the official North Middlesex Regional School District website North Middlesex is a comprehensive school accredited by the New England Association of Secondary Schools and Colleges.
Cherokee High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school one of four high schools of the Lenape Regional High School District in Burlington County New Jersey United States. The communities in the district are Evesham Township Medford Lakes Medford Township Mount Laurel Township Shamong Township Southampton Township Tabernacle Township and Woodland Township. Cherokee serves students from Evesham Township.
This article is about the public-policy college at Michigan State University. For the similarly named institution in Virginia see James Madison University.James Madison College is a college of public affairs and international relations within Michigan State University in East Lansing Michigan USA.
The University of Kisangani is located in the city of Kisangani in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It was founded in 1963 by Protestant missionaries as the Free University of Congo(French: Universit茅 libre du Congo ULC); it was transformed into part of the National University of Zaire in 1971 and in 1981 was separated from that National University along with the University of Kinshasa and the University of Lubumbashi assuming its present identity as the University of Kisangani.
The District School Board of Collier County also known as Collier County Public Schools is a school district in Collier County Florida. The district has schools placed in four cities throughout the county: Everglades City Immokalee Marco Island and Naples. The district employees 2900 teachers 47% with advanced degrees.
The University of Montenegro Faculty of Fine Arts (Montenegrin: Fakultet Likovnih Umjetnosti Univerziteta Crne Gore 肖邪泻褍谢褌械褌 袥懈泻芯胁薪懈褏 校屑褬械褌薪芯褋褌懈 校薪懈胁械褉蟹懈褌械褌邪 笑褉薪械 袚芯褉械) is one of the educational institutions of the University of Montenegro. The Faculty is located in Cetinje in the building of the former Russian embassy to Montenegro.
Ray Hammond is a British author and futurist.
Julie Umerle is an abstract painter and contemporary visual artist based in the United Kingdom. She lives and works in London.
Xavier Dupr茅 is a typeface designer born in Aubenas (Ard猫che) France in 1977. Dupr茅 is notable for the recognition he has received for his typeface designs in the 2000s.According to several similar online biographies Dupr茅 studied graphic design and applied arts in Paris. He also studied calligraphy and typography at the Scriptorium de Toulouse fr:Scriptorium de Toulouse. Dupr茅 lived in Cambodia from 2001 to 2004 where he designed Latin typefaces (i.e.
Shivmangal Singh 'Suman' (Hindi: 啶多た啶掂ぎ啶傕椸げ 啶膏た啶傕す 啶膏佮ぎ啶; 1915鈥2002) was a noted Hindi poet and academician.Upon his death the then Prime Minister of India said Dr Shiv Mangal Singh 鈥楽uman鈥 was not only a powerful signature in the field of Hindi poetry but he was also the custodian of the collective consciousness of his time. His creations not only expressed the pain of his own feelings but were also fearless constructive commentary on the issues of the era..
Anthony Marra is an American fiction writer.
Patricia Gibson-Howell (born 1966) is a British actress of stage and screen.Her television roles include Rosie McConkey in Doctors Sue Perkins in Casualty and Patricia Truscott in Vote for Laurence she has also appeared on The Bill.Gibson-Howell trained at the Academy Drama School where she was the recipient of the Stage Scholarship.
John Smart (c. 1740鈥1811) was an English painter of portrait miniatures. He was a contemporary of Richard Cosway George Engleheart William Wood and Richard Crosse.
Richard Boon former manager of Buzzcocks and boss of the record label New Hormones.Boon a school friend of Howard Devoto became the manager for seminal punk group Buzzcocks by default after organizing gigs for the band. Seeking to release the band's music Boon started the New Hormones label. The label released the Spiral Scratch (EP) in January 1977 and began releasing records by other artists regularly from 1979 to 1982.
Tom Mundell better known as Metrik is an English electronic music record producer.
Jorge Orta (born 1953) is a Paris-based Italian-Argentinian contemporary visual artist.
Allen L. Milgrom (born March 6) is an American comic book writer penciller inker and editor primarily for Marvel Comics. He is known for his 10-year run as editor of Marvel Fanfare; his long involvement as writer penciler and inker on Peter Parker the Spectacular Spider-Man; his four-year tenure as West Coast Avengers penciller; and his long stint as the inker of X-Factor.
Giulio Litta (1822 鈥 29 May 1891) was an Italian composer. He was trained at the Milan Conservatory where his first opera Bianca di Santafiora premiered in 1843. He composed several more operas most of which premiered at theatres in Milan. His last opera Il violino di Cremona was heard at La Scala in 1882.
Tyley Ross is a Grammy nominated recording artist the co-founder of the Universal Records recording act The East Village Opera Company and a Dora Award winning musical theater actor. He is based in New York City.
Maude Gabrielle Harcheb (born in Cannes on 1 July 1987) mostly known by her mononymous name Maude is a French singer and dancer who took part in season 5 of the popular French reality television series Les Anges de la t茅l茅r茅alit茅 broadcast on NRJ 12 channel.
Frederick James Whishaw (14 March 1854 鈥 8 July 1934) was a Russian-born British novelist historian poet and musician. A popular author of children's fiction at the turn of the 20th century he published over forty volumes of his work between 1884 and 1914.He was a prolific historical novelist many of his books being set in Czarist Russia and his schoolboy and adventure serials appeared in many boys' magazines of the era.
Gana El Maghnaoui (born 2 February 1958) is an Algerian Ra茂 songwriter lyricist and composer.
Juliet Marillier (born 27 July 1948) is a New Zealand-born writer of fantasy focusing predominantly on historical fantasy. She was educated at the University of Otago where she graduated with a BA and a Bachelor of Music (honors). Marillier taught music at the high school and university levels and has also served as a choral conductor and opera singer. In 2009 Marillier was diagnosed with breast cancer.
Anna Ataeva (born February 3 1980) is a Moscow-born contemporary artist now living in Los Angeles. She is best known for her work in Houston Texas through the Rice Media Center and local Houston galleries.
J奴kichi Yagi (鍏鏈 閲嶅悏 Yagi J奴kichi February 9 1898 - October 26 1927) was a Japanese poet on modern religious themes active in late Taish艒 and for the first few years of Sh艒wa period Japan.
Pandita Tripti Mukherjee is an Indian classical vocalist. She belongs to Mewati Gharana. She is the founder and director of the Pandit Jasraj Institute for Music Research Artistry and Appreciation.
L锚 Th峄 Di峄卪 Th煤y (Phan Thi岷縯 12 January 1972; pronounced lay tee yim twee) is a Vietnamese American poet novelist and performer. Her pen name is lowercase: l锚 th峄 di峄卪 th煤y.
Giovanni Ghizzolo (Brescia ca. 1580鈥揘ovara ca. 1625) was a composer of motets and madrigals. From 1613 he was maestro di capella successively at Correggio Ravenna Padua and Novara.His Gioco della cieca Book 1 takes 123 verses from Il pastor fido of Giovanni Battista Guarini (Act III Scene 2) also set by Gastoldi and others to make a theatrical madrigal-drama.
Raymond Pettibon (born Raymond Ginn on June 16 1957) is an American artist who lives and works in New York City.
Rolf Armstrong (April 21 1889 鈥 February 22 1960) was an American painter of pin-up art.
C谩ndido Antomattei is a Puerto Rican music and Latin Jazz singer guitarist and guitar maker of Puerto Rican origin. He became a member of Arsenio Rodr铆guez's band in Havana Cuba in the early 1950s. The band itself is considered to be one of the first founding bands of musical genres such as Mambo and Salsa. It is also said that Arsenio Rodr铆guez himself is the true creator of mambo.
Prajakta Shukre (born 29 November 1987) is an Indian singer who works in Bollywood films as well as reality shows. She was studying science in 12th standard in Jabalpur when she decided to participate in Indian Idol Season 1. She finished at 4th place.Notable work of Prajakta is Title song of Dill Mill Gaye season 2 aired on Star One in 2009 with Sonu Nigam.
David Ippolito is an American singer/songwriter/playwright who lives in New York City. He has self-released eight albums and is best known for his weekly summer performances in Central Park which are attended by thousands of people. He styles himself as That Guitar Man from Central Park.
Leah Kunkel (born June 15 1948) is an American singer and songwriter.
Malvin Daniel Wald (August 8 1917 鈥 March 6 2008) was an American screenwriter most famous for writing the 1948 police drama The Naked City for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Story. He wrote over 150 scripts for motion pictures and TV shows including Peter Gunn Daktari and Perry Mason. He also served with the Army Air Forces and taught screenwriting at the University of Southern California.
Jacques Audiberti (March 25 1899 鈥 July 10 1965) was a French playwright poet and novelist and exponent of the Theatre of the Absurd.He was born in Antibes France. He died in Paris. He is buried inCimeti猫re de Pantin Pantin Ile-de-France Region France
George Stuart (born 1929) is an American sculptor raconteur and historian. He has traveled the United States presenting historical monologues about the last four centuries in the Americas Europe Russia and China. To help audiences visualize the personalities in his monologues Stuart created over 400 historically accurate quarter life-size sculptures of personages with political influence from the 16th to the 19th century.
Morland Graham (8 August 1891 鈥 8 April 1949) was a British film actor.Married to Elsie Cole (n茅e Press) in 1926.
Naomi Klein (born May 8 1970) is a Canadian author and social activist known for her political analyses and criticism of corporate globalization. She is best known for No Logo a book that went on to become an international bestseller and The Shock Doctrine a critical analysis of the history of neoliberal economics.
Freddie McKay (sometimes Freddy McKay) (1947 鈥 19 November 1986) was a Jamaican singer whose career spanned the rocksteady and reggae eras.
Merl Saunders (February 14 1934 鈥 October 24 2008) was an American multi-genre musician who played piano and keyboards favoring the Hammond B-3 console organ.
Jim Couza was an American hammered dulcimer player born in New Bedford Massachusetts April 27 1945 and resident in England since 1982; he died in 2009. In addition to the hammered dulcimer Couza also played Appalachian dulcimer and guitar. He made several recordings both solo and with the D'Uberville Ramblers. He also worked with Bj枚rk on the album Post and with Peter Gabriel on OVO (Couza is featured on a track called The Time Of The Turning (reprise) / Weavers Reel).
Patricia Bennett (born 7 April 1947 in The Bronx New York) was an original member of the American singing girl group the Chiffons.
Ivy Tan also known as Chen Ai Wei (Chinese: 闄堣壘钖) is a Singaporean radio personality. She works as a radio host for Singapore-based Chinese music station YES 933 which she joined in 2007. She attended Ngee Ann Polytechnic where she took mass communications. She is single.
Geoffrey O'Hara (February 2 1882 鈥 January 31 1967) was a Canadian American composer singer and music professor.O'Hara was born in Chatham Ontario Canada. He initially planned a military career. O'Hara entered the prestigious Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston Ontario at age 18 and he trained with the 1st Hussars. He had to abandon his military career upon the death of his father Robert O'Hara.He moved to the USA in 1904 the same year he began performing in Vaudeville.
Tone 膶ufar (14 November 1905 鈥 11 August 1942) was a Slovene writer a playwright and a poet.
Neil Taylor (born 26 January 1961) is an English rock and pop guitarist best known for his long-time affiliation with Robbie Williams and for formerly being a member of the backing band of Tears for Fears.
Angelica Sin (born April 9 1974) is the stage name of a pornographic actress. Sin has acted in more than 250 productions including the AVN Award-winning The New Devil in Miss Jones. As with many other adult actresses she has wrestled in the Women's Extreme Wrestling federation.
Julia Morris (born 20 April 1968) is an Australian comedian actress writer television presenter and television producer who has worked extensively in Australian television and radio touring the country with her solo comedy shows. She relocated to the United Kingdom in 2000 appearing on British television then returned to Australia in 2007.
Alf Larsen (1885 Tj酶me 鈥 1967) was a Norwegian poet essayist and magazine editor.He made his literary debut in 1912 with the poetry collection Vinterlandet. He supported Rudolf Steiner's anthroposophy and edited the magazine Janus from 1933 to 1941. He co-founded the publishing house Dreyers forlag in 1942. He was awarded the Gyldendal's Endowment in 1959.Larsen himself considered his magazine Janus to be his most valuable contribution to Norwegian cultural life.
Carl Malcolm (born July 1952 Black River St. Elizabeth Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae singer and percussionist.
Jenny Eakin Delony also known as Jenny Eakin Delony Rice and Jenny Meyrowitz (1866鈥1949) was an American painter and educator. She specialized in portraits of notable and historic figures in the United States but also made miniature landscape wildlife still life and genre paintings. She was the founder of collegiate art education in Arkansas.
Les Holroyd (born Richard Leslie Holroyd 12 March 1948 Oldham Lancashire England) is an English bass guitarist vocalist and songwriter formerly with the British progressive rock band Barclay James Harvest.
Vahur Afanasjev (born: 24 August 1979) is an Estonian writer filmmaker and musician.Afanasjev graduated from the University of Tartu in 2002 majoring in economic policy. He has been a member of a literary group Noorte Autorite Koondis (NAK) (English: Young Authors' League) since 1998 and a member of the Estonian Writers' Union since 2006. He has worked as journalist media analyst copywriter creative director and PR officer. 2005-2010 Afanasjev lived in Brussels Belgium.
Jason Frederick (born November 29 1970) is a Canadian multi-instrumentalist and composer of music for films and television.
Walt Harper (July 3 1926 鈥 October 25 2006) was an American jazz pianist and influential nightclub owner.Harper's international reputation and musical ties attracted some of the greatest names in jazz to his hometown of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania where they would perform at the nightclubs he owned and the jazz festivals he produced.
Chris Van Dahl (born Chris Korstjens; also known as Roxy Dahl) is a rock musician notable for singing on the L.A. Guns album American Hardcore. Van Dahl grew up in Detroit Michigan but moved to Los Angeles California to try to make it in the music business.In the early 1990s prior to joining L.A. Guns Van Dahl was the singer in another Los Angeles band 鈥 the glam metal band Cherry St.. At this time Van Dahl went by the stage name Roxy Dahl. He left Cherry St.
John Geoffrey Hyett Dickinson (born June 1962) is an English author of young adult novels. His first novel The Cup of the World was published in 2004 and his novel The Lightstep written for adults was published in 2008.Dickinson lives in Painswick Gloucestershire.
Marq Torien (born Mark Joseph Maytorena on September 22 1961 in Los Angeles California) is the lead singer of the hard rock act BulletBoys. He is the only member to have remained with the group since the release of their self-titled debut album in 1988.
James Davis is the British house and techno music producer and DJ born in Portsmouth England. As well as a solo artist James is also one half of the act Grafiti.
Dorothy Love Coates (January 30 1928 鈥 April 9 2002) was an American gospel singer.
Seo Jeong-in born December 20 1936 (Hangul: 靹滌爼鞚) is a South Korean writer.
Max Rudolf Frisch (May 15 1911 鈥 April 4 1991) was a Swiss playwright and novelist regarded as highly representative of German-language literature after World War II. In his creative works Frisch paid particular attention to issues relating to problems of human identity individuality responsibility morality and political commitment. His use of irony is a significant feature of his post-war publications. Frisch was a member of the Gruppe Olten.
Garry M Langan (born 19 April 1956 in Surrey) is an English audio engineer and record producer.
Per Christian Liljegren is best known as the lead vocalist and primary lyricist for the Swedish Christian melodic power metal band Narnia.Liljegren is also the frontman of the metal bands Audiovision Divinefire Flagship and Wisdom Call. He is also the owner of the Liljegren Records label which features bands such as Divinefire Crimson Moonlight Sanctifica Grimmark Harmony Veni Domine and Majestic Vanguard.
Salim Merchant and Sulaiman Merchant (Persian: 佼趨诤诤冖讷诙-讠跊讷诤鈥) are a pair of musician brothers born and brought up in Bhuj Kutch Gujarat India. They belong to an Ismaili Muslim family and are inspired by their father Sadruddin Merchant who used to lead Ismaili Scouts Orchestra in India.
Rosemary Sutcliff CBE (14 December 1920 鈥 23 July 1992) was a British novelist best known for children's books especially historical fiction and retellings of myths and legends. Although she was primarily a children's author the quality and depth of her writing also appeals to adults.
Martin Wilson (born 1973 in Tuscaloosa Alabama) is a American writer.
Charles Doll茅 (fl. 1735 鈥 1755) was a French viol player and composer. Very little is known about his life. He was active in Paris and was a sought-after teacher of viol.
Thomasina Winslow is an American blues musician from the Albany New York area and the daughter of folk musician Tom Winslow. As a toddler she sang back-up on her father's folk music classic Hey Looka Yonder (It's The Clearwater); also singing a solo version of One-Two-Three another version of which she produced on her own 30 years later. In addition to her solo career Winslow has been a member of four bands including a duo with Nick Katzman.
Carter Anthony Beauford (born November 2 1957 in Charlottesville Virginia) is an American drummer percussionist and founding member of Dave Matthews Band. He is known for his ability to adapt to a variety of genres and both his ambidextrous and his open hand drumming styles. He plays the drums and sings backing vocals in the band. Beauford was ranked by a Rolling Stone magazine reader's poll in 2010 as the tenth greatest drummer of all time.
Antoine-Laurent Baudron (1742 Amiens 鈥 1834 Paris) was a French musician and composer. He was the head violinist in the orchestra of the Com茅die Fran莽aise and wrote the original music for The Barber of Seville and The Marriage of Figaro by Beaumarchais. He also wrote the first known French violin quartets.
Pavao Pavli膷i膰 (born August 16 1946 in Vukovar) is a Croatian writer literary historian and translator whose main focus are crime novels. He writes for both adults and children.Since 1997 Pavli膷i膰 is a full member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Karin Elisabeth Dreijer Andersson (born 7 April 1975) also known by her stage name Fever Ray is the lead vocalist of the electronic music duo The Knife formed with her brother Olof Dreijer. Andersson was previously the vocalist and guitarist of the alternative rock band Honey Is Cool. Andersson released her debut solo album under the name Fever Ray in 2009.
Ryan Zoghlin is an artist and photographer.
Mary Millington (30 November 1945 鈥 19 August 1979) was an English model and pornographic actress. Her appearance in the short softcore film Sex is My Business led to her meeting with magazine publisher David Sullivan who promoted her widely as a model and featured her in the softcore comedy Come Play With Me which ran for a record-breaking four years at the same cinema.
Amiraddin Masud Nakhchivani (Azerbaijani: 茝mir蓹ddin M蓹sud Nax莽谋vani) 鈥 was an architect of the twelfth century and a representative of the Architectural school of Nakhchivan.Amiraddin Masud Nakhchivani lived in a palace of the Eldiguzids and was the follower of the architectural style of Ajami Nakhchivani. He constructed both religious and public buildings. He also had poetical abilities too.
Ivonne Teichmann (born 11 April 1977 in Zeulenroda) is a retired German athlete who specialised in the 800 metres.She finished eighth at the 2001 World Championships and seventh at the 2002 European Championships.Her personal best time was 1:58.62 minutes achieved in August 2001 in Brussels.
Gentaro Takahashi (楂樻 鍏冨お閮 Takahashi Gentaro born October 28 1974) is a Japanese professional wrestler better known by the ring name Gentaro (stylized in all capital letters). Though officially affiliated with the Freedoms promotion Gentaro also works for several other independent promotions including Dramatic Dream Team Kaientai Dojo and women's wrestling promotion Ice Ribbon where he works mainly as the lead play-by-play announcer.
Brian Selden (born in 1980 in San Diego California) was the winner of the 1998 Magic: The Gathering World Championship.His strategy in the tournament was to use two cards called Survival of the Fittest and Recurring Nightmare repeatedly. The former card puts creatures into the graveyard while the latter allows the user to return those and other cards (including the Recurring Nightmare card itself) to his or her hand without using any mana.
David McCray (born 6 November 1986) is a German professional basketball player who currently plays for the Telekom Baskets Bonn of the German Basketball League.
Tony O'Connor (born November 15 1966) is an Irish former soccer player during the 1980s 1990s and 2000s and is currently reserve team manager at Bohemians. He was born in Dublin and is known as Toccy.O'Connor was a defender or midfielder during his long career in the League of Ireland. He played for Home Farm St.
Mathias Surmann (born December 19 1974 in Thuine) is a German football player. As of January 2011 he plays for TSV Neustadt/Aisch. He made his debut on the professional league level in the 2. Bundesliga for SV Meppen on August 1 1997 when he came on as a substitute in the 79th minute in a game against SC Fortuna K枚ln.
Sergio Gadea Panisello (born 30 December 1984 in Pu莽ol Valencian Community) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He currently races in the Moto2 class of the Motorcycle World championship. He started to run professionally in 2003.
Steven Kampfer (born September 24 1988) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for the Iowa Wild in the American Hockey League. He was selected by the Anaheim Ducks in the 4th round (93rd overall) of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Farshid Talebi (Persian: 賮乇卮蹖丿 胤丕賱亘蹖鈥; born 24 August 1981) is an Iranian professional football player who currently plays for Tractor Sazi in Iran Pro League.
Aleksei Alekseyevich Frolov (Russian: 袗谢械泻褋械泄 袗谢械泻褋械械胁懈褔 肖褉芯谢芯胁; born August 22 1994) is a Russian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Volgar Astrakhan.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Volgar-Astrakhan Astrakhan on July 21 2012 in a game against FC Astrakhan.
Paul Chalmer Lingrel was a professional football player who played in the National Football League during the 1923 season. That season he joined the NFL's Oorang Indians. The Indians were a team based in LaRue Ohio composed only of Native Americans and coached by Jim Thorpe.
Maddison Bird (born April 19 1994) is a Canadian pair skater. With partner Raymond Schultz she finished sixth at the 2009 World Junior Championships and won the junior bronze medal at the 2009 Canadian Championships. Their partnership ended in 2010.
Ramiz Kerimov (born 4 August 1981) is an Azerbaijani footballer currently playing for Yuksak Liqa club FK Khazar Lenkoran as a goalkeeper.
Yasser Seirawan (Arabic: 賷丕爻乇 爻賷乇賵丕賳鈥; born March 24 1960) is a chess grandmaster and four-time United States champion. He was winner of the World Junior Chess Championship in 1979. Seirawan is also a published chess author and commentator.
John L. (Mel) Doherty (April 21 1894 鈭 May 7 1942) was a professional American football player-coach with the Cincinnati Celts of the Ohio League and its direct descendant the American Professional Football Association (renamed the National Football League in 1922). Doherty coached the Celts throughout their entire existence from 1910 to 1923. The team played only four games in the AFPA posting a 1鈥3 record.
Janusz Wola艅ski (born 13 July 1979 in Pilzno) is a Polish midfielder who currently plays for Kolejarz Str贸偶e.
Mauro Porpora is a paralympic athlete from Italy competing mainly in category T11 sprint events.
Nicholas Fozzard (born 22 July 1977) is a former English rugby league footballer of the 1990s 2000s and 2010s. A Prop his clubs included St. Helens Warrington Huddersfield Leeds and Hull KR and he signed a 1-year deal with Castleford Tigers for the 2011 season.
Hanna Olsen (23 June 1889 鈥 10 June 1990) was a Swedish fencer who competed at the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics. In Paris in 1924 she competed in the women's foil event but was eliminated in the semi-finals placing fourth in her pool. Four years later she competed in the same event but did not win any bouts. She was born in Karlskrona and was a member of the Stockholm's Kvinnliga F盲ktklubb.
Gary Smith is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s. A Queensland State of Origin representative forward he played club football in the Brisbane Rugby League for Brothers and in the New South Wales Rugby League for the North Sydney Bears.After playing junior football for Nanango Smith made his senior debut at age 17 for the Caloundra club before playing in the Brisbane Rugby League Premiership for the Brothers club.
Gjorgji Hristov or 谴or堑i Hristov (Macedonian: 袃芯褉褤懈 啸褉懈褋褌芯胁) (born 30 January 1976 in Bitola Socialist Republic of Macedonia Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian football coach and former striker.Hristov played for Partizan Belgrade when English team Barnsley signed him during summer 1997 for 拢1.5 million a club record fee. Following the relegation of Barnsley from the FA Premier League that same season (1997/98) Hristov moved to NEC Nijmegen in the Netherlands.
Emilio Ariel Aldama (born 21 June 1977) is a Paraguayan former professional footballer who played in Paraguay and Turkey.
John Hyde (born 11 April 1930) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL) for the Geelong Football Club.Originally from Portarlington Victoria he won Geelong's best and fairest award in 1950 before playing in their back-to-back premierships in 1951 and 1952.
Pawe艂 Wojciechowski (born April 30 1984 in Zielona G贸ra) is a Polish defender who plays for Lechia Zielona G贸ra.
Matthew Robin Trevor (born 1 September 1982) is an English cricketer. Trevor is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Leicester Leicestershire.Mackey represented the Leicestershire Cricket Board in 2 List A matches against Denmark in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy and the Kent Cricket Board in the 2nd round of the same competition. Both matches were held in 2002.
Mitchell Mustain (born February 27 1988) is a professional football and baseball player who is currently a free agent. He did not play baseball in college opting instead to pursue a football career. He played baseball at Springdale High School in Springdale Arkansas and football under present Auburn University head football coach Gus Malzahn. Mustain also played college football at USC.
Chiwanki Lyainga (c.鈥1983 鈥 3 February 2014) was a Zambian football player from Lusaka Zambia.
Taurean Green (born November 28 1986) is an American professional basketball player who is a point guard for Limoges CSP in France.He is the son of former NBA star Sidney Green. Green played college basketball for the University of Florida where he was a member of the Florida Gators teams that won back-to-back NCAA national championships in 2006 and 2007. He also plays internationally for Georgia after gaining citizenship in June 2010.
Jamie Lynn Gray (n茅e Beyerle) (born May 26 1984 in Lebanon Pennsylvania) is an American sport shooter who won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. At the Beijing 2008 Olympics she placed 4th in Women's 10 metre air rifle and 5th in Women's 50 metre rifle three positions. She placed 2nd at the 2008 ISSF World Cup in Milan. At the 2012 Summer Olympics Gray won the gold medal in women's 50 meter rifle three positions.
Annalisa Drew (born May 28 1993) is an American freestyle skier. Drew competed with Team USA at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi Russia.
Malik Jackson (born January 11 1990) is an American football defensive lineman for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League. He played college football at Tennessee.
Melba Irene Alspaugh (1925 鈥 February 16 1983) was a backup outfielder who played from 1948 through 1949 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She batted and threw right-handed.Born in Wichita Kansas Alspaugh was a light hitting outfielder with good defense and a strong throwing arm.
James Head Winford (October 9 1909 in Shelbyville Tennessee 鈥 December 16 1970 in Miami Oklahoma) nicknamed Cowboy was a professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of six seasons in Major League Baseball between 1932 and 1938 for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Andreea Cacovean (born September 15 1978 in Turda Romania) is a Romanian artistic gymnast who competed between 1991 and 1996. She is a world gold medalist with the team and a world bronze medalist on uneven bars.1992 Jr. European Team Championships-1st Team 1993 Tournament of Champions-1st A-A 1993 World Championships-3rd UB 1993 Jr.
John Anthony Parry (born 17 November 1986) is an English professional golfer.Parry was born in Harrogate. He won several high profile amateur tournaments including the Danish and Spanish Amateur Championships and represented Great Britain and Ireland in the Walker Cup before turning professional at the end of 2007.Parry won the 2009 Allianz Golf Open Grand Toulouse on the Challenge Tour.
Clifford V. (Cliff) Anderson (born September 7 1944) is a retired American professional basketball player.He played collegiately for Saint Joseph's University.He was selected by the Los Angeles Lakers in the 4th round (35th pick overall) of the 1967 NBA Draft.He played for the Lakers (1967鈥69) Cleveland Cavaliers and Philadelphia 76ers (1970鈥71) in the NBA and for the Denver Rockets (1969鈥70) in the ABA for 84 games.
Nick Vlastuin (born 19 April 1994) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).He was drafted by Tigers with their first selection pick 9 in the 2012 AFL Draft.He played his junior football at Eltham Panthers in the Northern Football League. He captained the Victoria Metro side at the 2012 AFL National Under 18 Championships.Vlastuin is of Dutch descent.Vlaustin made his debut in the round 5 game against Fremantle.
Francisco Sanchez d'Avolio (born 16 May 1986 in Baudour) is a Belgian football player currently playing for F91 Dudelange.
Albert Joseph Van Camp (September 7 1903 鈥 February 2 1981) was a backup first baseman/left fielder in Major League Baseball who played from 1928 through 1932 for the Cleveland Indians (1928) and Boston Red Sox (1931鈥1932). Listed at 5' 10 175 lb. Van Camp batted and threw right-handed.
Ryu Won-Woo (Hangul: 毳橃洂鞖; born 5 August 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Gwangju FC in the K-League.
Luke David Sutton (1976鈥) is a retired English cricketer. A former right-handed batsman and wicketkeeper he won the NBC Denis Compton Award in 2000 2001 and 2002 and has also played List A and Twenty20 cricket.
Jorgen Rogers (born 11 October 1967) is a New Zealand former rugby football player who played rugby league for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.
Richard Forsyth (born 3 October 1970) is an English footballer who played as a midfielder. He made nearly 250 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham City Stoke City Blackpool Peterborough United and Cheltenham Town.
Justinas Lagunavi膷ius (September 4 1924 鈥 July 15 1997) was a Lithuanian basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He trained at VSS 沤algiris in Kaunas.He was a member of the Soviet team which won the silver medal. He played five matches.
Greg Estandia (born November 18 1982 in Moorpark California) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was originally signed by the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Nevada-Las Vegas.Estandia has also played for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Ron Maierhofer is a retired American soccer forward who owned the Denver Avalanche of the Major Indoor Soccer League.
Carl Vinciquerra (October 19 1914 鈥 November 10 1997) was an American boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to Mohammed Amin.
Paulo Manuel Banha Torres (born 25 November 1971 in 脡vora) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a left defender.
Hillroy Paulse (born 6 September 1985) is a South African cricketer. Paulse represents Boland and the Cape Cobras in the various South African first-class cricket competitions. He has made one appearance for the Cobras in his career so far but is a regular member of the Boland team. He is a fast-medium bowler and a lower order batsman.
Callum Eddie Graham Wilson (born 27 February 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays for Coventry City as a striker.
Nicolas Ritz (born February 26 1992) is a French ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Ducs de Dijon of the Ligue Magnus.Ritz competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France men's national ice hockey team.
Isabelle H盲rle (born January 10 1988 in Heidelberg) is a German swimmer. She participates since 2011 in the open water events.She won the bronze medal at the Team 5 km world championships.
Danielle Watts (born 13 October 1980) is a British paralympic swimmer who has represented Great Britain at three Paralympic Games from 2000 to 2008 winning three medals. She is classified as an S1 category swimmer though usually competes in S2 or S3 events due to low numbers of competitors in this category at many competitions.At the 2000 Paralympic Games in Sydney Watts competed in women's 50 and 100 m freestyle and 50 m backstroke (all S2 category).
Michael Paul Koplove (Russian: 袦邪泄泻 袣芯锌谢芯胁 born August 30 1976) is an American retired sidearm relief pitcher.Koplove throws with a different arm angle than most pitchers. His arm angle is perpendicular to his body which allows his fastball to sink and his curveball and slider to stay on the same plane making it appear to be a fastball.
Heleno de Freitas nicknamed Prince Cursed (12 February 1920 in S茫o Jo茫o Nepomuceno Brazil 鈥 8 November 1959 in Barbacena) was a Brazilian footballer.The striker spent most of his career with Botafogo scoring 209 goals for the club most with his head. In 1948 he transferred to Boca Juniors in Argentina but returned to Brazil the following year winning the 1949 Campeonato Carioca with Vasco.
Storm Sanders (born 11 August 1994 in Rockhampton) is an Australian tennis player.Sanders has won one singles and two doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 10 February 2014 she reached her best singles ranking of world number 202. On 3 February 2014 she peaked at world number 232 in the doubles rankings.Sanders debuted on the ITF junior tour in December 2007 and on the senior tour in November 2008. She won her first professional tournament in February 2013.
Walter Jacob Cudzik (February 21 1932 鈥 December 11 2005) was an American football center in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. He also played in the American Football League for the Boston Patriots and the Buffalo Bills.
慕ubom铆r Guldan (born 30 January 1983) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a defender for Zag艂臋bie Lubin.
Nathan Ward (born December 8 1981 in Edmonton Alberta) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.
Ann Henricksson (born October 31 1959) was an American professional tennis player from 1981 to 1994.She played two fourth-round Grand Slam matches: in 1985 in the Australian Open (defeated by Zina Garrison) and in 1990 at Wimbledon (defeated by Monica Seles).Ann Henricksson won three WTA doubles tournaments.
Jarrod J. Skalde (born February 26 1971 in Niagara Falls Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey centre who was the head coach of the Cincinnati Cyclones of the ECHL from the 2009-2010 season until the 2012-2013 season. Skalde was drafted 26th overall by New Jersey Devils in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft and started his National Hockey League career with the Devils in 1990.
Gilberto Milos (born October 30 1963 in S茫o Paulo) is a Brazilian chess player with a current Elo chess rating of 2593. He was awarded the title of International Master (IM) in 1984 and the title of Grandmaster in 1988. He was the Brazilian National Champion in 1984 1985 1986 1989 1994 and 1995. His most notable chess tournament accomplishments are first prize in the 1987 1998 2005 and 2007 South American Chess Championship in Santiago and first at Buenos Aires 1988.
Keith Leonard Kartz (born May 5 1963 in Las Vegas Nevada) was a center and tackle in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos. He started in Super Bowl XXIV. Kartz attended the University of California Berkeley. He graduated from San Dieguito High School located in Encinitas California.
Harry Pree Billiard (November 11 1883 鈥 June 3 1923) nicknamed Pree was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who played in 1908 with the New York Highlanders of the American League then in 1914 with the Indianapolis Hoosiers continuing with the team in 1915 when it moved and became the Newark Pepper. He batted and threw left-handed.
Joshua Payne Scobey (born December 11 1979 in Oklahoma City Oklahoma) is an American football running back and kick returner who is currently a free agent. He was originally drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the sixth round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Kansas State. He has played for the Seattle Seahawks in his career.
Hamilton John McNeill (13 May 1910鈥2002) more commonly known as John McNeill was a Maltese footballer who played for Hull City and Bury in the Football League.
Hem Kiry (born April 11 1980 in Phnom Penh) is a retired Cambodian swimmer who specialized in sprint freestyle events. He is a two-time Olympian (2000 and 2004) and served twice as Cambodia's flag bearer in the opening ceremony. He also held a Cambodian record of 26.48 in the 50 m freestyle from the Southeast Asian Games.
William Joseph Deegan (1874鈥1957) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He pitched in two games for the 1901 New York Giants.Deegan nicknamed Dummy for being a deaf-mute was one of three pitchers on the Giants staff with that nickname.
Ciprian Dinu (born 27 May 1982) is an Romanian footballer currently under contract with Liga I side FC Boto葯ani.
Jack Clarke (born 1 March 1988 in Effingham Surrey) is a professional race car driver. Clarke is the stepson of ex-Formula One and British Touring Car Championship driver Julian Bailey.
Rudy Alberto Williams (born 25 August 1965) is a retired Honduran football defender who played most of his career for Olimpia in the Honduran Liga Nacional.
Mohammed Waheed Hassan Manik (Dhivehi: 迲迌. 迚蕺迿蕈迖薨迚蕈迡蕺 迗蕈迿蕞迡蕺 迿蕈迱蕈迋薨 迚蕈迋蕤迒蕺; born 3 January 1953) was the 5th President of the Maldives from 7 February 2012 to 17 November 2013. He has worked as a news anchor a United Nations official with UNICEF UNDP and UNESCO and a member of the Maldivian Parliament. Waheed was the first citizen of the Maldives to receive a Ph.D. having received it at Stanford University in the U.S. and reportedly the first person to appear on Maldivian television.
For the New York politician see Joseph Wagner (Brooklyn).For the engraver see Joseph Wagner (engraver)Joseph F. Wagner (born May 7 1960 in Springfield Massachusetts) is an American politician who represents the 8th Hampden District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. Prior to becoming a state representative Wagner was the administrative assistant to mayor of Chicopee.
Michael Albert Phair (born August 1950) is a Canadian politician who served on Edmonton City Council from 1992 until 2007. He was the first openly gay elected politician in the province of Alberta as well as one of the earliest openly gay elected officials anywhere in Canada.Following his retirement from elected politics Phair has continued to be active in the community including as a board member of Edmonton Pride.
Douglas Eugene Facemire (born August 22 1961 in Gassaway West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate representing District 12 since January 2009.
Robert Earl Bob Barton (born July 3 1948) is the first Republican to have served in the Louisiana House of Representatives from Bossier Parish. A former newspaper owner from Bossier City Barton held the District 8 seat from 1996-2000. The position opened when the 16-year incumbent Robert Roy Adley ran for governor in the 1995 primary election. Barton did not seek reelection in the 1999 primary. Instead he unsuccessfully challenged Republican State Senator Max T. Malone.
Demetrios Jim Fouras (born 8 March 1938) is a former Australian politician. Born in Greece he migrated to Queensland where he was a research chemist and then a marketing economist with the Department of Primary Industries. In 1977 he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for South Brisbane. He held the seat until 1986 when he was defeated for preselection by Anne Warner.
Craig Marcus Watkins (born November 16 1967) is the district attorney for the Dallas County Texas in the United States. He became the first African American district attorney in Texas when he was elected in 2006.
Magnus Ngei Abe (born 24 May 1965) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Rivers South East constituency of Rivers State Nigeria in the April 2011 Federal elections. He ran on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.
Dwight Evans is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 203rd District (Philadelphia County).
Lois Tochtrop is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado State Senate as a Democrat Tochtrop represents Senate District 24 which covers the Northwestern portion of Adams County including Westminster Northglenn and portions of Thornton.
Petr Pithart (born January 2 1941 in Kladno) is a Czech politician lawyer and political scientist.He served as Prime Minister of the Czech Republic (then part of Czechoslovakia) from February 6 1990 to July 2 1992. He has sat in Senate of the Czech Republic since its inception in autumn 1996 serving as its chairman from December 18 1996 to December 16 1998 and from December 19 2000 to December 15 2004.
Ronald Stanley Dancer (born May 31 1949) is an American Republican Party politician who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 12th Legislative District. Prior to redistricting he represented the 30th Legislative District from 2002 until 2012.
Marta Fern谩ndez Miranda de Batista (November 11 1923 鈥 October 2 2006) was First Lady of Cuba from 1952 until 1959. She was the second wife of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista who was overthrown by Fidel Castro in the 1959 Cuban Revolution which forced the couple to flee permanently into exile.
Jonathan D. Barnett (born 1955) is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives having represented District 87 from Benton and Washington counties since 2013.Barnett previously represented District 97 from 2009 to 2013 and served as the House Assistant Speaker Pro Tempore. The reconfigured District 97 is now represented by another Republican Bob Ballinger of Carroll County. He is term-limited and cannot seek a fourth term in the House in 2014.
Richard Steere Aldrich (February 29 1884 鈥 December 25 1941) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives and served in the Rhode Island State Senate and the Rhode Island House of Representatives.
Hans Putmans (died 1656) was a Dutch explorer.
Eduardo Perez Reyes (born January 11 1959) is an American politician. He was a member of the Los Angeles City Council representing the 1st district. Reyes was re-elected in 2005 to serve a second Council term capturing 78 percent of the votes. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He has a background in urban planning.
Wu Shiow-ming (Chinese: 鍚崇鏄; pinyin: W煤 Xi霉m铆ng) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Chairperson of the Fair Trade Commission
Hassan at-Taheer Zarouq (Arabic: 丨爻賳 丕賱胤丕賴乇 夭乇賵賯鈥) was a Sudanese politician. He worked as a schoolteacher but was dismissed due to his political activism.Zarouq was the president of the Anti-Imperialist Front. In the 1953 legislative election he was elected to the House of Representatives from the Graduates Constituency as an Anti-Imperialist Front candidate.
Norman Yoshio Mineta (Japanese: 宄鐢 鑹闆 Mineta Yoshio; born November 12 1931) is an American politician. A member of the Democratic Party Mineta most recently served in President George W. Bush's Cabinet as the United States Secretary of Transportation the only Democratic Cabinet Secretary in the Bush administration.
Michael 'Mike' Houser is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 1st district (Columbus Kansas in Cherokee County Kansas). He has served since 2012. He lost the 2010 election after calling for a recount.
Paul Gust Vallas (born June 10 1953) is a former superintendent of the Bridgeport Public Schools a former Superintendent of the Recovery School District of Louisiana and a former CEO of Chicago Public Schools and the School District of Philadelphia. He is running for Lieutenant Governor of Illinois in 2014 with incumbent Governor Pat Quinn.
Rosa D铆ez Gonz谩lez (born May 27 1952 in G眉e帽es Biscay Spain) is a Spanish UPyD politician deputy in the Congress of Deputies since 2008.She was a former Member of the European Parliament for the PSOE (Partido Socialista Obrero Espa帽ol or Spanish Socialist Workers' Party) integrated in the Party of European Socialists. In 2007 she gave up her seat and left the PSOE due to strong disagreement on what she perceived to be the Socialists' drift on individual liberties ETA and more.
Henderson Middleton Somerville (March 23 1837 - September 15 1915) was a Professor Associate Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court and a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Walter Guion (April 3 1849 鈥 February 7 1927) was a United States Senator from Louisiana. Born near Thibodaux he was tutored at home and then attended Jefferson College in St. James Parish. He moved to Assumption Parish in 1866 was deputy clerk of the court in 1870 - 1871 studied law was admitted to the bar in 1870 and commenced practice in the Parishes of Assumption Lafourche and Ascension.
Saidu Muhammed Dansadau (born 20 June 1953) was elected Senator for the Zamfara Central constituency of Zamfara State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the All People's Party (APP) platform. He took office on 29 May 1999.He was reelected in April 2003 on the All Nigeria People's Party platform for another four years.
Jason Barickman (May 1 1975) is a Republican member of the Illinois Senate representing the 53rd district since January 2013. Barickman is a veteran having served in the Illinois Army National Guard as an infantry soldier. He previously served in the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 105th district from 2011 to 2013. Barickman graduated from Woodland High School is a principal at the Meyer Capal law firm and regularly owns manages and develops real estate.
脡lie-Hercule Bisson (July 7 1833 鈥 May 28 1907) was a notary and political figure in Quebec. He represented Beauharnois in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1873 to 1878 from 1886 to 1892 and from 1892 to 1889 as a Liberal member.He was born in Saint-R茅mi Lower Canada the son of Alexis Bisson and Esther Lonctin. Bisson was educated at the Coll猫ge de Montr茅al and after articling as a notary was admitted to practice in 1860. He practised at Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague from 1860 to 1876.
For his grandson the Maine Senate President please see Nathan Clifford (Senator).Nathan Clifford (August 18 1803 鈥 July 25 1881) was an American statesman diplomat and jurist whose career culminated in a lengthy period of service as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Marian Harris is a Democratic politician who served in the Ohio House of Representatives. A former educator and aide to United States Senator Howard Metzenbaum Harris ran against Representative Larry L. Flowers in 2006 for a seat in the Ohio House of Representatives. Although unsuccessful in her first attempt Harris performed better than what was expected coming very close to ousting Flowers. As a result she tried again for the seat two years later in 2008.
Stephen R. Kappes (born August 22 1951) was the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (DDCIA) until his resignation on April 14 2010. He had served in the CIA since 1981 with a two-year hiatus. A career clandestine operations professional Mr. Kappes was well known for his supervisory role in the extraordinary rendition program a non-judicial system of rendering persons suspected of terrorism to secret locations where most of them were tortured. Mr.
Thomas Evert Petri (born May 28 1940) is the U.S. Representative for Wisconsin's 6th congressional district serving since 1979. He is a member of the Republican Party. The district includes most of the east-central part of the state. On April 11 2014 Petri announced he would retire after his current term ends in January 2015.
Jeffrey C. Jeff McKay is a Democratic politician who currently serves on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors in Northern Virginia. He represents the Lee district which includes the towns of Springfield and Franconia. He first won election in November 2007.
Carroll H. Leavell (born October 23 1936 in Clovis New Mexico) is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico Senate representing District 41 since January 1997.
Singaravelu Thandayuthapani (Tamil: 喈氞苦畽喁嵿畷喈距班掂瘒喈侧瘉 喈む｀瘝喈熰距喁佮む喈距｀; born 7 August 1950) is a Sri Lankan Tamil teacher civil servant politician and current leader of the opposition on the Eastern Provincial Council.
Jerry Ekandjo (born 17 March 1947) is a Namibian politician who has served in the government of Namibia as Minister of Youth and Sport since 2012. Previously he was Deputy Minister of Local Government and Housing from 1990 to 1995 Minister of Home Affairs from 1995 to 2005 Minister of Lands and Resettlement from 2005 to 2008 and Minister of Regional and Local Government Housing and Rural Development from 2008 to 2012.
James Brockett Tudhope (March 21 1858 鈥 February 3 1936) was a Canadian manufacturer and politician.Tudhope was born in Oro Township Canada West in 1858 the son of William Tudhope a carriage manufacturer and Mary Reid. In 1897 he formed the Tudhope Carriage Company in Orillia with his brothers. In 1902 with partner Harry Anderson Tudhope established a company which manufactured agricultural implements.
Smriti Irani (born Smriti Malhotra) is an Indian politician and former model television actress and producer. She is one of the prominent women leaders of the Indian political party BJP.
Hyliard Chappell (April 16 1916 鈥 March 5 1988) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.Born in Barrie Ontario he graduated from the Osgoode Hall Law School in 1943. He worked in the law firm of first chairman of Metropolitan Toronto Fred Gardiner and started his own firm in 1949 (known today as Chappell Bushell and Stewart).He was a councillor from 1947 to 1950 for Toronto Gore Township council and from 1960 to 1962 for the Township of Toronto council.
David Allen Watkins (born March 10 1943) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 11 since January 2007.
Gregg Goslin is a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners for the 14th district which includes Barrington Inverness Palatine Rolling Meadows Arlington Heights Prospect Heights Wheeling Northbrook Northfield and Glenview.
Nzo Ekangaki (22 March 1934 鈥 3 June 2005) was a Cameroonian political figure. He served as the Secretary-General of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU) from 1972 to 1974.Ekangaki was born in Nguti Kumba Division. In the 1950s he wrote the books An Introduction to Eastern Kamerun published in 1956 and To the Nigeria People published in 1958.
Jeffrey N. Spiegelman is an American politician and a Republican member of the Delaware House of Representatives since January 8 2013 representing District 11.
L茅on Philippe Jules Arthur No毛l (March 28 1888 - August 6 1987) was a French diplomat politician and historian.
William Joseph Mills (January 11 1849 鈥 December 24 1915) was an American jurist who served three terms as the Chief Justice of the New Mexico Territorial Supreme Court and as the nineteenth and final Governor of New Mexico Territory.
Lila May Banks Cockrell (born January 19 1922) is a former mayor of San Antonio Texas. During World War II she served in the WAVES branch of the United States Navy. She served as President of the Dallas and San Antonio chapters of the League of Women Voters during the 1950s.
Shimon Peres (About this sound listen ; Hebrew: 砖诪注讜谉 驻专住鈥; born Szymon Perski; 2 August 1923) is a Polish-born Israeli statesman. He is the ninth and current President of the State of Israel. Peres served twice as the Prime Minister of Israel and twice as Interim Prime Minister and has been a member of 12 cabinets in a political career spanning over 66 years.
Enos H. Nebecker (June 26 1836 鈥 January 6 1913) was a United States banker who was Treasurer of the United States from 1891 to 1893.
John Patrick 'Pat' Woods is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico Senate representing District 7 since his October 25 2012 appointment by Governor of New Mexico Susana Martinez to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Senator Clinton Harden.
Hasan Ahmad al-Lawzi (born 1952) is a Yemeni politician and writer. He is the Minister of Information.Al-lawzi was born in Sana'a and was educated at Cairo's Al-Azhar University. He published several volumes of poetry and short stories that reflected his profound interest in the Yemeni revolution. His work has been translated into English and was included in anthologies of modern Arabian literature during the 1980s. He later became involved in government and held a number of important positions.
Nohra Puyana Bickenbach (born 29 May 1955) is the wife of the 30th President of Colombia Andr茅s Pastrana Arango and served as First Lady of Colombia from 1998 to 2002.
Eugene Casserly (November 13 1820 鈥 June 14 1883) was an Irish-American journalist and lawyer. The son of Patrick S. Casserly he served in the United States Senate from California.
Urmas Paet (born 20 April 1974) is an Estonian politician who has been Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia since 2005. He is a member of the Estonian Reform Party. As of September 2010 Paet has been the longest serving minister since the re-establishment of Estonian independence.
脡ric R. Mercier (born October 3 1967) is a military officer publicist and politician from Quebec. As a member of the Liberal Party of Quebec Mercier represented the Charlesbourg electoral district in the National Assembly of Quebec from 2003 to 2007.
Tomomi Inada (绋茬敯 鏈嬬編 Inada Tomomi born 20 February 1959) is a Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Imadate Fukui.
Arthur Drewry (born March 3 1891 鈥 March 25 1961) was the 5th President of FIFA serving from 1955 to 1961. He was elected as President on June 7 1955 at the FIFA Conference in Lisbon where he succeeded Rodolphe William Seeldrayers from Belgium who had only been President for 15 months following the death of Jules Rimet.
Hermanus Jacobus Kriel (born 14 November 1941 Kakamas Northern Cape) was the first Premier of the Western Cape province. He previously served as the Minister of Law and Order in the South African government under Frederik Willem de Klerk.Kriel served as premier from May 11 1994 to May 11 1998 as a member of the National Party.
Paul Y. Coble (born October 19 1953 in Raleigh North Carolina) served one term as Mayor of Raleigh from December 1999 to December 2001. In November 2006 Coble was elected to the Wake County Board of Commissioners and became Chairman of the board in December 2010. In 2011 Coble announced that he would run for the U.S. House in North Carolina's 13th congressional district.
Alfonso Qui帽贸nez Molina (January 11 1874 鈥 May 22 1950) was President of El Salvador 21 December 1918 - 28 February 1919 and 1 March 1923 - 28 February 1927. He was born in Suchitoto El Salvador. He was married to a sister of presidents Carlos and Jorge Mel茅ndez.
Pedro Verona Rodrigues Pires (Portuguese pronunciation: [藞ped删u v扫藞删on蓯 蕘u藞d删i伞扫蕛 藞pi删扫蕛]; born 29 April 1934) was the President of Cape Verde from March 2001 to September 2011. Before becoming President he was Prime Minister from 1975 to 1991.
Paul Jean Fran莽ois Cousturier (14 April 1849 - 27 July 1921) was governor of French Guinea 2 November 1900 to 28 September 1904.After his retirement he became a well-known botanist.
Mehmet Zeki Sezer is a Turkish politician and former chairman of the Democratic Left Party (Demokratik Sol Parti DSP) he was elected in the 6th ordinary party congress in 2004 after the resignation of B眉lent Ecevit.Sezer was born in 1957 in Eski艧ehir. He graduated from M. R眉艧t眉 Uzel Chemistry Vocational High School and then from the School of Chemical Engineering at Gazi 脺niversitesi in Ankara.
Mustapha Mansouri (Arabic: 賲氐胤賮賶 丕賱賲賳氐賵乇賷鈥 ; born 22 August 1953 Nador) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents party. He held a number of portfolios in the cabinets of Driss Jettou (2002鈥2007) and Abderrahman el-Yousfi (1998鈥2000). He also was leader of his party and presided over the House of Representatives of Morocco before resigning from both position because of a feud with Fouad Ali El Himma.Mustapha Mansouri holds a Bachelor and a PHD in Economics.
Mary Edith Porter AM (born 8 August 1942) is a Labor member of the ACT Assembly. She was first elected to the Assembly in October 2004. Prior to that she was CEO of the Volunteering Association (now Volunteering ACT) from 1993 until October 2004Born in England of a Scottish background Mary arrived in Australia when she was 12.
Janet C. Howard was a member of the Ohio Senate from -1998 representing the 9th District which encompasses much of Cincinnati Ohio. She was succeeded by Mark Mallory who defeated her in 1998 during her reelection campaign.
Alfred Brian Peckford PC (born August 27 1942) is a Canadian politician who served as the third Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador between March 26 1979 and March 22 1989. Peckford was born and raised in Whitbourne; before entering politics he worked as a teacher.In the 1972 general election Peckford was elected as the Member of the House of Assembly (MHA) for Green Bay. He served as a Parliamentary Assistant and a Cabinet Minister in the government of Frank Moores between 1973 and 1979.
S. Suresh Kumar is a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Karnataka. He is a cabinet minister in the BJP government of Karnataka.Born on 11 November 1952 in Bangalore he was associated with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh from a very young age. He finished his graduation in Science from Bangalore University. Due to his active opposition to the Emergency he was imprisoned in the Bangalore Central jail where many national and state level leaders were also being detained.
Mohamed Saad Alami or El Alami (Arabic: 賲丨賲丿 爻毓丿 丕賱毓賱賲賷鈥 鈥 born 1948 Chefchaouen) is a Moroccan journalist and politician of the Istiqlal Party. He held the positions of Minister of Relations with the Parliament between 2002 and 2010 then Minister-Delegate for the Modernization of the Public Sector in the cabinets of Driss Jettou and Abbas El Fassi.
Sir Cecil Montacute 'Spike' Clothier KCB QC (August 28 1919 鈥 May 8 2010) was a lawyer who served as a Judge of Appeal on the Isle of Man and then as Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration and Health Service Commissioner for England Scotland and Wales (Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman). He was later the first Chairman of the Police Complaints Authority.
Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Ra'iq (Arabic: 賲丨賲丿 亘賳 乇丕卅賯鈥) (died 13 February 942) usually simply Ibn Ra'iq was a senior official of the Abbasid Caliphate who exploited the caliphal government's weakness to become the first amir al-umara (commander of commanders de facto regent) of the Caliphate in 936. Deposed by Turkish military leaders in 938 he regained the post in 941 and kept it until his assassination in February 942.
Chester Edwin Bryan (October 29 1859 鈥 January 11 1944) was a Democratic politician and newspaper publisher in the U. S. State of Ohio who was Ohio State Treasurer from 1917 to 1919.
The South African Class 6C 4-6-0 of 1896 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Orange Free State.Between 1896 and 1898 the Oranje-Vrijstaat Gouwerment-Spoorwegen placed twenty-four new Cape 6th Class steam locomotives with a 4-6-0 wheel arrangement in service.
SS Haimun was a Chinese steamer ship commanded by war correspondent Lionel James in 1904 during the Russo-Japanese War for The Times.
PZL M-4 Tarpan (also tarpan) was a Polish trainer and sports aircraft prototype of the 1960s designed in WSK-Mielec.
USS Somerset (LPD-25) a San Antonio-class amphibious transport dock is the fifth ship of the United States Navy of that name; in this case in honor of Somerset County Pennsylvania.
USS Hollis (DE-794/APD-86) was a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy named in honor of Ensign Ralph Hollis (1906鈥1941) who was killed on the battleship Arizona during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.Hollis was launched by Consolidated Steel Corp. Orange Texas on 11 September 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Hermione C. Hollis widow of Ensign Hollis; and commissioned on 24 January 1944 at Orange Lieutenant Commander G. D.
USS Herkimer (AK-188) was an Alamosa-class cargo ship that served the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. Post-war she served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations for some time with the U.S. Army as USAT Herkimer and then as USNS Herkimer (T-AK-188) with the Military Sea Transportation Service from 1950 to 1973. She was then transferred to the navy of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands and later returned to the U.S. and sold.
The Pander D was a small Dutch single seat sport monoplane an evolution of the Carley C.12 of 1923. Ten were built.
Japan has eleven LCM 25 ton type landing ships in service with Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force. Built in Japan the boats are similar in design to the US LCM-6 type and have similar capacity. Two larger 50 ton LCMs built by Yokohama Yacht were commissioned in March 2003.
USS Ouachita (1863) was a steamer captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
USS Chambers (DE-391) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean and provided destroyer escort protection against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys. Post-war she continued an active life serving with the U.S.
The Bally B-17 is a one third scale single seat homebuilt aircraft intended as a replica of the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress.
Named after the Portuguese explorer the Ferdinand Magellan (also known as U.S. Car. No. 1) is a former Pullman Company observation car which served as Presidential Rail Car U.S. Number 1 from 1943 until 1958. The Gold Coast Railroad Museum in Miami-Dade County Florida acquired it in 1959. The Ferdinand Magellan was designated a National Historic Landmark by the United States Department of the Interior National Park Service on February 4 1985.
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's sole class V-2 4-6-4 steam locomotive No. 2 Lord Baltimore was constructed by the railroad's own shops in 1935. It was constructed to haul a new lightweight train the Royal Blue between New York City and Washington DC. Later on that year it was sent to the B&O-owned Chicago and Alton Railroad.
St Andrew was a 42-gun great ship of the English Royal Navy built by Andrew Burrell at Deptford and launched in 1622. By 1660 she was armed with 56 guns.St Andrew was wrecked in 1666.
Dupleix is a F70 type anti-submarine frigate of the French Marine Nationale. She is the fourth French vessel (beside also two French commercial ships) named after the 18th century Governor of Pondich茅ry and Gouverneur G茅n茅ral of the French possessions in India marquess Joseph Fran莽ois Dupleix.Note: The French navy doesn't use the term destroyer for its ships; hence some large ships referred to as frigates are registered as destroyers.
The DKW 3=6 was a compact front-wheel drive saloon manufactured by Auto Union GmbH. The car was launched at the Frankfurt Motor Show in March 1953 and sold until 1959. It was also named as the DKW Sonderklasse and following the factory project number as the DKW F91.
USS LST-701 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy in World War II. Like many of her class she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation.LST-701 was laid down on 1 April 1944 at Jeffersonville Indiana by the Jeffersonville Boat & Machine Co.; launched on 18 May 1944; and commissioned on 13 June 1944.
MS Kaptain Boris was a car-passenger ferry built in 1966 as Fennia for Siljavarustamo / Siljarederiet. During her long career Fennia also sailed for Jakob Lines and Vaasanlaivat / Vasab氓tarna and spent short times chartered to Sessan Linjen SAGA Linjen B&I Line Baltic Line and SeaWind Line. In 2001 the ship was sold to RG Line and renamed Casino Express.In 2007 after being laid up since 2005 the ship was sold to Attar Construction Ltd and renamed C. Express.
HMS Seagull was a Halcyon-class minesweeper and the first Royal Navy ship to be built entirely without rivets. She was completed on 30 March 1938.During the Second World War she helped escort 21 Arctic convoys and participated in Operation Neptune. She was also involved in the accidental sinking the Polish submarine ORP Jastrz膮b along with HNoMS St Albans during the passage of Arctic Convoy PQ 15.
The Pennsylvania Railroad's class B1 comprised 42 switcher-type electric locomotives built between 1926 and 1935. They were of 0-6-0 wheel arrangement in the Whyte notation with 700 horsepower. As built the first 28 locomotives in the 1926 order formed semi-permanently coupled pairs grouped in three classes. The first class BB1 were AC powered and served as prototypes.
The Casco class was a large class of United States Coast Guard cutters in commission from the late 1940s through the late 1980s. They saw service as weather reporting ships in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans until the early 1970s and some saw combat service during the Vietnam War.
German submarine U-66 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 20 March 1940 at the AG Weser yard at Bremen launched on 10 October and commissioned on 2 January 1941 under the command of Kapit盲nleutnant Richard Zapp as part of the 2.
The VEF I-15 was a Latvian advanced trainer aircraft of the 1930s. Two examples of the I-15 a small single-engined monoplane were built by the VEF to the designs of K膩rlis Irb墨tis and were used by the Latvian Air Force
The Fearless class patrol vessels were built by Singapore Technologies (ST) Marine for the Republic of Singapore Navy in the 1990s. Together the ships formed the 182 and 189 Squadron.On 30 January 2013 MINDEF awarded ST Engineering a contract for the design and build of eight new vessels to replace the Fearless-class patrol vessels. ST Engineering announced that the group鈥檚 marine arm ST Marine will build the eight vessels at its Singapore Benoi Yard.
The first USS Lafayette was a side wheel steamer converted to an ironclad ram in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.Lafayette was built at St. Louis Missouri in 1848 as Aleck Scott (often spelled Alick Scott). She was purchased by the War Department as Fort Henry on 18 May 1862 for use in the western flotilla. She was converted to an ironclad ram at St. Louis.
Shiokaze (姹愰ⅷ Tide Wind) was a Minekaze-class destroyer built for the Imperial Japanese Navy immediately following World War I. Advanced for their time these ships served as first-line destroyers through the 1930s but were considered obsolescent by the start of the Pacific War.
HMS Chester was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched 21 March 1691 at Woolwich Dockyard.She was captured by the French at the Battle at The Lizard 21-10-1707.
USS Pinellas (AK-202) was an Alamosa-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. By the time she was scheduled for commissioning the war鈥檚 end caused her to be declared 鈥渆xcess to needs鈥 and she was returned to the U.S. Government and struck by the Navy.
USNS Seay (T-AKR-302) is a Bob Hope-class roll on roll off vehicle cargo ship of the United States Navy. She was built by Northrop Grumman Ship Systems New Orleans and delivered to the Navy on the 28th of March 2000. They assigned her to the United States Department of Defense's Military Sealift Command. Seay is named in honor of Sargent William W. Seay a Medal of Honor recipient.She has served in transpiration efforts in both the Iraq and Afghanistan wars.
San Ildefonso was a ship of the Spanish Navy launched in 1785. She was designed to be lighter than traditional Spanish vessels which had had difficulty matching the speed of ships of the Royal Navy. Though nominally a 74-gun ship the San Ildefonso actually carried 80 cannons and howitzers. She saw service against French and British vessels in the late 18th century sailed twice to the Americas and was trapped in Cadiz by the British blockade.
MV El Argentino was a cargo ship operated by the British Houlder Line.El Argentino was built at the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company Govan Glasgow for the chilled meat trade between Argentina Uruguay and Britain. It was 9501 tons and fitted with Fairfield/Sulzer diesel engines. She was sailing in ballast as part of convoy OS 52KM from Glasgow to Montevideo when she was attacked by German aircraft north west of Lisbon on 26 July 1943.
The Bartel BM-4 was a Polish biplane primary trainer aircraft used from 1929 to 1939 by the Polish Air Force and Polish civilian aviation manufactured in the Samolot factory in Pozna艅. It was the first plane of Polish design put into production.
USS LST-548 was a United States Navy LST-542-class tank landing ship in commission from 1944 to 1946. She also served in a non-commissioned status with the Military Sea Transportation Service as USNS LST-548 (T-LST-548) from 1952.
The Hannover Bridge is one of the largest container vessels in the world. It is registered in Panama but has a Japanese ship-owner and German name.The ship carries containers which is the fastest developing sector in cargo shipping. Hannover Bridge was built in 2006 in the ship-yard of IHI Marine United in Kure Hiroshima Japan. The ship can carry 8212 TEUs according to company requirements but IMO claims that the vessel's capacity is larger than ten thousand.
German submarine U-599 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was a member of four wolfpacks carried out one patrol and sank no ships.She was sunk northwest of the Azores by a British aircraft in October 1942.
German submarine U-466 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II.She was scuttled at sea on 19 August 1944.She was laid down on 24 May 1941 by Deutsche Werke AG in Kiel as 'werk' 297 launched on 30 March 1942 and commissioned under Kapit盲nleutnant Gerhard Th盲ter who remained with her for the rest of her career.
The ACE Aircraft Falcon Cabin Coupe was a light low cost aircraft built during the great depression.
PRR 4876 is a GG1-class electric locomotive located at the B&O Railroad Museum in Baltimore Maryland United States. It was built in 1939 and was involved in the only accident to befall a GG1. In 1953 the locomotive overran the buffer stop and crashed into Union Station in Washington D.C. after its brakes failed. A temporary concourse floor was erected over 4876 (which had broken through the original) for the upcoming inauguration of Dwight D. Eisenhower.
The 600 was Dodge's version of the Chrysler E-Class luxury car of the 1980s. It was introduced in 1982 as a 1983 model as a small mid-size car on the Chrysler E platform and was discontinued after the 1988 model year. It was Chrysler's answer to the GM A-body whereas the M-body Dodge Diplomat would compete with full-size cars. It replaced both the 400. (Dodge 600 coupes and convertibles were essentially rebadged 400s.) Like the preceding 400 it slotted between the Aries and Diplomat.
HMS Port d'Espagne was a 14-gun vessel variously described as a sloop gun-brig or schooner built in 1806 in Trinidad whose citizens presented her to the crown. She captured several small Spanish privateers and participated in a major campaign before she was sold in 1811.
HMAS Swan (DE 50) named for the Swan River was a River-class destroyer escort of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Constructed in Melbourne following the loss of HMAS Voyager Swan entered service in 1970.During her career the ship was deployed to South East Asia on several occasions as part of ANZUK forces. She was modernised in the mid-1980s then was assigned to the recently opened west coast naval base HMAS Stirling.
USS Deuel (APA-160) was a Haskell-class attack transport built and used by the US Navy in World War II. She was a Victory ship design VC2-S-AP5. She was named after Deuel County Nebraska and Deuel County South Dakota USA.
SMS Oldenburg was the second vessel of the Helgoland class of battleships of the German Imperial Navy. Oldenburg's keel was laid in October 1908 at the Kaiserliche Werft dockyard in Wilhelmshaven. She was launched on 30 September 1909 and was commissioned into the fleet on 1 May 1912. The ship was equipped with twelve 30.5-centimeter (12.0 in) guns in six twin turrets and had a top speed of 21.2 knots (39.3 km/h; 24.4 mph).
The Akaflieg M眉nchen M眉31 is a high-performance single-seat glider aircraft that is under design in Germany as of 2010.
The London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) Garratt was a class of Garratt 2-6-0+0-6-2 steam locomotive designed for heavy freight. A total of 33 were built from 1927 making them the most numerous class of Garratt in Britain.
The fleet escort Jaur茅guiberry (D637) was a French destroyer of the T53 class designed for anti-air and (to a lesser extent) anti-submarine roles. She was the second French Navy vessel to bear the name.In 1966 and 1968 she was involved in two nuclear tests with Force Alpha and a third one in 1970 with the cruiser De Grasse in the Pacific Ocean. In 1974 she achieved a long mission with the frigate Duquesne.
The South African Class DS of 1939 was a South African diesel-electric locomotive from the South African Railways era.The first diesel-electric locomotive on the South African Railways was a single Class DS AEG diesel-electric shunting locomotive that was placed in service at the Congella yards near Durban in Natal Province in 1939.
Empire Celtic was a ferry which was built in 1945 as Landing Ship Tank LST 3512 for the Royal Navy. In 1946 she was chartered by the Atlantic Steam Navigation Company Ltd converted to a ferry and renamed Empire Celtic. In 1956 she was requisitioned by the Royal Navy for a few months during the Suez Crisis as HMS Empire Cedric. She served until 1960 and was scrapped in 1965.
HMCS West York was a Flower-class corvette of the Royal Canadian Navy which took part in convoy escort duties during the Second World War. Named after Weston Ontario she was built by Midland Shipyards Ltd. in Midland Ontario and commissioned on 6 October 1944 at Collingwood.
The Alfa Romeo C-SUV is a planned model of luxury sport utility vehicle from Alfa Romeo expected to enter production in 2015.The car will most probably to be built on an extended version of the Giulietta鈥檚 platform and will be available in both front- and all-wheel drive layouts. The new model will be developed alongside a new Jeep SUV which is planned to replace the Patriot and Compass.The C-SUV is planned to kick off Alfa Romeo's United States return since the company withdrew in 1995.
USS Atascosa (AO-66) was an Atascosa-class fleet oiler acquired by the U.S. Navy for use in World War II. She had the dangerous task of supplying fuel and ammunition to ships in and near combat areas in both the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.SS Esso Columbia II was built at Chester Pennsylvania by the Sun Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Co. for the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey; launched on 7 September 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Harold G.
The Odakyu 1000 series (灏忕敯鎬1000褰 Odaky奴 1000-gata) is a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the private railway operator Odakyu Electric Railway in Japan. Built between 1988 and 1993 the first train entered service in 1988.
The USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70) is the third United States Navy Nimitz class supercarrier and is named after Carl Vinson a Congressman from Georgia in recognition of his contributions to the US Navy. The ship was launched in 1980 undertook its maiden voyage in 1983 and underwent Refueling and Overhaul between 2005 and 2009.
The British Rail Class 44 or Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotives were built by British Railways' Derby Works between 1959 to 1960. They were named after British mountains and consequently nicknamed Peaks.
The Avro Canada CF-103 was a proposed Canadian interceptor designed by Avro Canada in the early 1950s as a development and possible replacement of the company's CF-100 Canuck that was entering service at the time with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF). Although intended to be capable of flying at transonic speeds the CF-103 only proffered a moderate increase in performance and capability over the CF-100; subsequently the aircraft never progressed beyond the mock-up stage.
The Morane-Saulnier MS.341 was a single engine parasol wing training and touring aircraft built in France in the mid-1930s. It had two open cockpits in tandem and was sold to private owners clubs and the Arm茅e de l'Air.
Shenlong (Chinese: 绁為緳; pinyin: sh茅n l贸ng; literally divine dragon) is a proposed Chinese robotic space plane that is similar to the American Boeing X-37. Only a few pictures have appeared since it was revealed in late 2007 but it appears to be causing some consternation to experts in the Western World.
The Ant-class gunboat was a class of twenty-four Royal Navy flat-iron gunboats mounting a single 10-inch gun built between 1870 and 1880. They carried no masts or sails being among the first Royal Navy vessels not to do so. The last four vessels were ordered separately and are sometimes known as the Gadfly class although they were essentially identical. Members of the class lingered on as steam lighters dredgers boom defence vessels and base ships lasting in some cases into the 1950s.
UAM Creoula is a training ship of the Portuguese Navy built in 1937 in the Companhia Uni茫o Fabril (CUF) shipyards in Lisbon for Parceria Geral de Pescas fishing company. From 1938 to 1973 it was used in the Cod fishing campaigns in Newfoundland and Greenland.
The General Lee is the Dodge Charger driven by the Duke cousins Bo and Luke in the television series The Dukes of Hazzard. It is known for its signature horn its chases and stunts鈥攅specially its long/high jumps鈥攁nd for having its doors welded shut leaving the Dukes to climb in and out through the windows. The car appears in every episode but one (Mary Kaye's Baby). The car's name is a reference to the Confederate General Robert E.
The Volvo LV120/130/140/150-series or the Roundnose was a medium-size truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1939 and 1954.
HMS Hornet was a Havock-class torpedo boat destroyer of the British Royal Navy. She was launched in 1893 and sold in 1909 for scrapping. Although the Daring-class TBDs were ordered first Havock and Hornet were completed faster making them the first destroyers ever built.
The Broburn Wanderlust was a small wooden single-seat glider designed in the United Kingdom just after World War II. Only one was built though it was well used.
Landing Ship Medium were amphibious assault ships of the United States Navy in the World War II.Of comparable size to Landing Ship Tank and the Landing Craft Infantry there were 558 LSM (Landing Ship Medium) made for the USN between 1944 and 1945. The majority of vessels built on this versatile frame were regular transports however there were several dozen that were converted during construction for specialized roles.
The Oldsmobile O4 was a front-wheel drive concept car designed by the Oldsmobile division of General Motors in 2001. The O4 was a 2+2 roadster that was aimed at a younger demographic. The O4 displayed features that would have been included on the next generation Oldsmobile Alero had it not been cancelled.
The SS City of Philadelphia was an iron-hulled single screw passenger steam ship owned by the Liverpool and Philadelphia Steam Ship Company also known as the Inman Line.The third vessel owned by the company City of Philadelphia was an improvement on the design of SS City of Manchester.On September 9 1854 she was wrecked near Cape Race on her maiden voyage without loss of life.
The RXV/SXV series are four-stroke v-twin off road (RXV) or dual sport supermoto (SXV) motorcycles produced by Aprilia since 2006. Both versions have either 449 cc (27.4 cu in) or 549 cc (33.5 cu in) engine sizes.
Yerofey Khabarov class motorship is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after Yerofey Khabarov.Two-deck cargo-passenger ships built in the Soviet Union 1959-1963.
The Adams CA-2 is a single seat low-wing American ultralight aircraft that was designed by Frank Griffith of Corning Aircraft around 1992 and was available as plans for amateur construction until 1999. In 1999 Hummel Aviation of Bryan Ohio began offering the design. Although the design was well received plans were no longer listed as being available from Hummel Aviation as of 2007.In 2011 Adams Aeronautics Company of Dallas Georgia took over sales and support of the CA-2 design.
The Gillig Low Floor is a transit bus manufactured by the Gillig Corporation in Hayward California. The Low Floor was introduced in 1996. They are available in 29' 35' and 40' lengths. A diesel-electric hybrid version was introduced in 2004. Frameless side windows are an option. The Gillig Low Floor is often nicknamed Advantage due to the low-floor design.
The Rothsay Castle (also spelt Rothesay Castle) was a paddle steamer built in 1816 for service on the River Clyde Scotland and was later transferred to Liverpool England where she was used for day trips along the coast of North Wales. She was shipwrecked on the Lavan Sands (Welsh: Traeth Lafan) at the eastern end of the Menai Strait North Wales in 1831 with the loss of 130 lives.
The Neolog Synagogue (Romanian: Sinagoga Neolog膬 or Templul Memorial al Deporta牛ilor; Hungarian: Kolozsv谩ri Neol贸g Zsinag贸ga Eml茅ktemplom) in Cluj-Napoca Romania is the city's only working synagogue serving the local Jewish community. It was originally built for the local Neolog congregation. Located on Horea Street it was built based on the plans of Izidor Hegner an engineer between 1886 and 1887.
The John Frost House is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Cottonport and dates from c.1810.When listed the property included one contributing building and one contributing structure on an area of 3.4 acres (1.4 ha).The NRHP-eligibility of the property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
The Chapel of Our Lady of Europe (Spanish: Capilla de Nuestra Se帽ora de Europa) is a Roman Catholic chapel located in the High Square (Spanish: Plaza Alta) of Algeciras (Spain). The popularly known Capillita de Europa (English: Small Chapel of Europe) is considered as the foundational element of the modern city of Algeciras.
Braunstein's Building is a historic commercial building located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It consists of two buildings built about 1900 and combined in 1924 as a single unit. The building at 704 is a four-story two bay brick commercial building and the buildings at 706 is a four-story three bay brick commercial building.
Marlinton Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad Station was a historic railway station and bunkhouse located at Marlinton Pocahontas County West Virginia. They were built in 1901 by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad. The station was a frame rectangular one-story building measuring 76 feet by 16 feet and used for both passengers and freight. The bunkhouse is a one-story frame building measuring 24 feet by 16 feet.
The Bedford Veterans Affairs Medical Center also known as the Edith Nourse Rogers Memorial Veterans Hospital is a medical facility of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) at 200 Springs Road in Bedford Massachusetts. Its campus once consisted of about 276 acres (112 ha) of land which had by 2012 been reduced to 179 acres (72 ha). The hospital was opened in 1928 to treat neuropsychiatric patients but now provides a wider array of medical services.
Dinaburga Castle (German: D眉naburg) also known as Vecdaugavpils or Vecpils is a castle located in Naujene parish east of Daugavpils in the historical region of Latgalia in eastern Latvia. It is strategically situated on a high bank of the Daugava River. It was built between 1273 and 1277 by the Livonian Order and destroyed by Russian troops before 1577. Nowadays fragments of the foundation are exposed.
Longwood (c.1785) is a house located at 10417 River Road in East Baton Rouge Parish Louisiana. Directly across the street is a levee holding back the Mississippi River.
The Charles D. McLaughlin House is located at 507 South 38th Street in the Gold Coast Historic District of Midtown Omaha Nebraska. Designed in the Colonial Revival Style by noted Omaha architect John McDonald it was built in 1905. The City of Omaha designated it an Omaha Landmark on March 16 1982 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in November of that same year.
The Cathedral of the Incarnation is an Episcopal church in Garden City New York and the cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of Long Island. The Cathedral was established in 1876 as a memorial to and mausoleum for Garden City founder Alexander Turney Stewart. The building is a classic imposing example of Gothic architecture with its high main tower and dozens of finials.The Cathedral is user- and family-friendly welcoming people of all ages and creeds to participate in worship.
Henry J. Seibert II House also known as Seibert Villa is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1867 and is a two story L-shaped brick dwelling in the Late Greek Revival-style. It measures 36 feet wide by 76 feet long and sits on a stone foundation. It features a three bay one story hip roof porch added about 1890. Also on the property are two contributing outbuildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Saitama Prefectural Museum of History and Folklore (鍩肩帀鐪岀珛姝村彶銇ㄦ皯淇椼伄鍗氱墿椁 Saitama Kenritsu Rekishi to Minzoku no Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in Saitama Japan dedicated to the history and folklore of Saitama Prefecture. The museum opened in 1971.
Ch芒teau d'Auberoche is a ch芒teau in Dordogne Aquitane France.
Proprietary House in Perth Amboy Middlesex County New Jersey United States is the only Proprietary Governor's Mansion of the Original Thirteen Colonies still standing. Under the watchful eye of architect and builder John Edward Pryor construction began in 1762 and was completed in 1764. The Georgian style mansion was first occupied by Mr. Chief Justice Smyth by rent and approval of The Proprietors in town on April 10 1766 to 1773.
The Station Mall in Sault Ste. Marie Ontario Canada is the second largest shopping mall in Northern Ontario trailing just behind the New Sudbury Centre in Greater Sudbury. With 86 stores and 555000 square feet (51600 m2) of retail space on one level [1]. Built in 1973 the mall has since undergone two major expansions. Its major tenants include Sears Walmart and the 52000 square feet (4800 m2) Galaxy Cinemas movie theatre complex.
The Reay Boathouse is located in Three Lakes Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Morrisville Public Library is a historic library building located at Morrisville in Madison County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a 2 1鈦2-story frame picturesque cottage with Gothic Revival鈥搒tyle detailing.It became a library in December 1903 with 760 volumes on its shelves.
The bridge at New Bridge Landing New Jersey was built in 1888 to replace an earlier wooden one and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5 1989.
The Brandeis-Millard House is located at 500 South 38th Street in the West Farnam neighborhood which is part of the Gold Coast Historic District in Midtown Omaha Nebraska. Its carriage house is located at 3815 Dewey Avenue in the same area. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 it was designated an Omaha Landmark on June 10 1986.
You may also be looking for the voice actor K艒ichi Yamadera.Yama-dera (灞卞 lit. Mountain Temple) is about a twenty minute train ride (Senzan Line) northeast of Yamagata City in Yamagata Prefecture Japan at the foot of the steep hill H艒sh奴-yama.
Tirana International Hotel (also referred to as Albanian: Pes毛mb毛dhjet毛kat毛shi English: The Fifteen-floors) is an international hotel located between the central Skanderbeg Square and the Zogu I Boulevard in central Tirana Albania. Originally built in 1979 in a Soviet-era architectural style and named Hotel Tirana it is now one of Albania's most prestigious hotels with a noted Conference Centre and with two floors devoted to executive suites.
The Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery was used to raise trout and salmon for release into the McKenzie River in western Oregon in the United States. It is located near the unincorporated community of Vida in Lane County. The hatchery is closed however the historic site is now a county park. It is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
North Scranton Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located at Scranton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1922 and 1924 and is a three-story brick and stone building in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a four story clock tower and a tall Gothic arch surrounding the main entrance. The school was abandoned in 1987.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Causeway Point (Chinese: 闀垮牑鍧) is the seventh largest suburban shopping mall in Singapore located in the town centre of Woodlands a town in the north of Singapore. Located beside the Woodlands MRT station and the underground Woodlands Regional Bus Interchange it has 250 retail outlets spread over seven floors and two basement levels.Among all the shopping malls in Singapore this one is the closest to Malaysia.
The Zen Group of Western Australia (ZGWA) is an organization of lay zen practitioners located in Perth Western Australia.
Garden Plaza is a skyscraper in Istanbul Turkey.
Elsfjord Church (Norwegian: Elsfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Elsfjord. The church is part of the Elsfjord parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of S酶r-H氓logaland. The red church building was constructed in 1955 to serve the Elsfjord area. It was consecrated on 18 September 1955.
Edgehill Church at Spuyten Duyvil is a United Church of Christ parish church located at 2550 Independence Avenue in the Spuyten Duyvil neighborhood of The Bronx New York City. Its congregation was originally founded in 1869 as the mission chapel affiliated with the Riverdale Presbyterian Church serving the workers at the nearby Johnson Iron Foundry.
Ashbourne Hall is a Manor house originally built by the Cockayne family in the 13th century in Ashbourne Derbyshire. The present building is part of a largely demolished Georgian-styled hall built in the 18th century.
The Schenectady Armory is located on Washington Street in the city of the same name in the U.S. state of New York. It is a brown brick building dating to 1936.New York's state architect at that time William Haugaard used the Art Deco architectural style for the exterior of the building and the Tudorbethan mode for the interior. The armory remains virtually intact today. It was home to two units of the New York Army National Guard until it was closed in 2008.
Community Theatre in Pine Bluff Arkansas is a Moderne building built in 1951. Also known as Breckinridge Building it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The Community theatre opened in the 1920s...the location was previously a grocers shop.[citation needed]
Kaniakapupu (the singing of the land shells) is the now dilapidated summer palace of king Kamehameha III and his queen Kalama on Oahu in Hawaii.
The Penniless Porch in Wells Somerset England is an entrance gateway into a walled precinct the Liberty of St Andrew which encloses the twelfth century Cathedral the Bishop's Palace Vicar's Close and the residences of the clergy who serve the cathedral. The Penniless Porch was built around 1450 by Bishop Thomas Beckington (also spelt Beckyngton) and bears his rebus or badge on the cathedral side.
Villa Maria Motherhouse Complex or Felician Sisters Immaculate Heart of Mary Convent Chapel and Convent is a historic Roman Catholic convent and school complex located at Cheektowaga in Erie County New York. It is included in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo. It was constructed in 1927 and is a three-part Gothic Revival building that was built for the Felician Sisters of St. Francis to house a boarding and day high school public and private chapels and the Motherhouse/Novitiate.
Historic Locust Grove is a 55-acre 18th-century farm site and National Historic Landmark situated in eastern Jefferson County Kentucky. The site is owned by the Louisville Metro government and operated as a historic interpretive site by Historic Locust Grove Inc.The main feature on the property is the ca. 1790 Georgian mansion that was the home of the Croghan family and gathering place for George Rogers Clark Lewis and Clark and U.S. Presidents.
The Peabody Court Apartments are a historic apartment building at 41-43 Linnaean Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The four story Colonial Revival brick building was built in 1922. The H-shaped building has deep courtyards and is trimmed with limestone elements including corner quoins window sills and keystone lintels.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Emery Farmstead (also known as Chancellor-Emery Farmstead) is an historic farm in Port Angeles Washington.The farm was built in 1889 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Samode Palace Samode Haveli and Samode Bagh (Garden) are heritage monuments and structures built by the noble feudatory with the hereditary title of 'Maha Rawal' or 'Maha Saheb鈥 of the Amber and Jaipur principality in Rajasthan India. All three have rich history of several hundred years and display a fusion of Mughal and Rajasthani art and architecture.
The John Gibbs House was built in Kalamazoo Michigan in 1853. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It serves as an avenue towards environmental stewardship and sustainability that is rarely accessed in formal education or community engagement.The Gibbs House is located on the south side of Parkview Avenue next to Western Michigan University's Business Technology and Research Park in Kalamazoo Michigan.
Jackson Falls National Register Historic District is a historic district on parts of Jackson Village Road and Five Mile Circuit Road in Jackson New Hampshire.It features various Greek Revival and late Victorian architecture.[citation needed]
The Albany Museum South Africa is situated in Grahamstown in South Africa is affiliated to Rhodes University and dates back to 1855 making it the second oldest museum in South Africa.The natural history and geology collections of the Eastern Province Literary Scientific and Medical Society were used as its nucleus.
Las Vegas High School Academic Building and Gymnasium now the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies and Performing Arts is an Art Deco building in Las Vegas Nevada. It represents a subset of the Art Deco style known as Aztec Moderne in which Aztec design motifs were used in an overall Art Deco palette of forms and materials. The academic building and the gymnasium are two of the original 3 buildings that we built.
The Hop-o'-Nose Knitting Mill was a structure representative of the industrial history of Catskill New York in the nineteenth century. The mill was built by Wolfe Bros. carpenters and Mull & Fromer Masons and Builders in 1881 at 130 West Main Street. West Main Street is located on the western side of Catskill Creek while East Main Street is on the eastern side of the creek. The mill was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 as Hop-O-Nose Knitting Mill.
The Fells in Newbury New Hampshire was originally the summer home of John Milton Hay a 19th-century American statesman.
Chapel No. 1 or Eisenhower Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel located at the former Lowry Air Force Base in Denver Colorado United States. Built in 1941 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The Bowers Mansion located between Reno and Carson City Nevada was built in 1863 by Lemuel Sandy Bowers and his wife Eilley Orrum Bowers and is a prime example of the homes built in Nevada by the new millionaires of the Comstock Lode mining boom. The land originally was purchased in 1856 by Eilley and her second husband Alex Cowan who returned to Utah a year later with other Mormon settlers.
Fifth Regiment Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an imposing fortress-type structure situated in midtown Baltimore. It consists of a full basement a first floor containing a 200 foot by 300 foot drill hall a mezzanine or balcony level and a newer second level (reconstructed in 1933 after a fire) housing the trussed steel drill hall roof.
The High Street Commercial Block is a miniature historic district in downtown Hamilton Ohio United States. Three buildings compose the block: the old Second National Bank Building the Howell-Sohngen Building and McCrory's.
Turku City Hall (Finnish: Turun kaupungintalo Swedish: 脜bo stadshus) is a Neo-Renaissance building located on the bank of the Aura River in Turku Finland. The City Council of Turku convenes at Turku City Hall. The Mayor used to work in an Art Nouveau building near to the City Hall the Turku City Office until 2011. It was originally designed by Charles Bassi from 1810-1811 as the restaurant Seurahuone. The building survived the Great Fire of Turku in 1827.
The First National Bank of Meeteetse also known as the Bank Museum and the Old Bank Building was built in Meeteetse Wyoming in 1901 for Hogg Cheesman McDonald and Company Bankers. The following year it was renamed to the more concise First National Bank of Meeteetse. The bank occupied the first floor while the second floor was initially the town council's meeting place.The bank remained on the first floor until 1975.
St. James AME Church is a historic church at 12th St. and Carter Avenue in Ashland Kentucky.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The West Berkshire Museum is a museum located in Newbury Berkshire. Established in 1904 the museum houses various artworks and collections. The museum is housed in two of Newbury's most historic buildings. The Cloth Hall was built in 1626-1627 by Richard Emmes a master carpenter of Speenhamland for the Newbury Corporation as a cloth factory.
The Oaks Shopping Center is a two-level indoor/outdoor super-regional shopping mall located in Thousand Oaks California. It is owned and managed by Macerich. Accessible from the US Highway 101 Ventura Freeway midway between downtown Los Angeles and Santa Barbara it is one of two malls in its area (competing with the Simi Valley Town Center) and the largest shopping center in Ventura County. The 1300000-square-foot (120000 m2) mall was originally built in 1978 and was renovated in 1993.
Nairobi Java House is a chain of coffee houses and exporters with its head office in ABC Place in Nairobi Kenya founded in 1999. Along with Dorman's Coffee the other major chain in the city it is one of the few places where one can find export-quality Kenyan coffee brewed and served in the region. The chain is known for its variety of Kenyan coffees and teas home baked bread Mexican cuisine and free wireless Internet access which are unusual in the area.
The Snogo Snow Blower was used on the Trail Ridge Road in Rocky Mountain National Park USA. Manufactured in 1932 by the Klauer Engineering Company of Dubuque Iowa the plow was actually a snowblower and featured advanced features such as an enclosed cab four wheel drive and roll-up windows. It was used in the park until 1952.The Blower used a Climax Blue Streak six-cylinder gasoline engine (6x7=1188cuin) developing 175 horsepower at 1200 RPM.
Weona Park Carousel also known as Dentzel Stationary Menagerie Carousel is a historic carousel located at Pen Argyl Northampton County Pennsylvania. The carousel and its pavilion were built in 1923. The carousel is housed in a wooden one story pavilion measuring 20 feet high at center and 80 feet in diameter with 24 sections each 10 feet 6 inches wide. The carousel has 44 animals and 2 sleighs standing three abreast. They were originally hand carved and painted in the 1890s c.
Samuel Coles House is located in Cherry Hill Camden County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1743 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 18 1973.
Saint Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church on Liberty Street in Chelsea Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1866 and is a small rectangular frame church building in the Gothic Revival style. It has a steeply pitched gable roof topped by a belfry. It features a three-part lancet window.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Hotel Pyr茅n茅es is a four-star hotel in Andorra la Vella Andorra. Built in 1940 Lonely Planet describes it has being one of Andorra's few venerable buildings and containing haunting old photographs of Andorra in its restaurant. It originally went under the Catalan name Pirinec and had 36 rooms but today it has 70 rooms.
St Patrick's Church Nuthall is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Nuthall.
Chalfant Church is a historic church in Warsaw Ohio.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register in 1982.
Preston Friary was a friary in Lancashire England.
The Domus municipalis (Latin: municipal house) is a Romanesque building in the northeastern municipality of Bragan莽a in Portugal. It is what exactly was the function of this building even after research completed in the 20th century: it could have served as cistern but there are doubts if this was its primary function.
Witherspoon Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake Franklin County New York. It was built about 1910 as a boarding house and is a 2 1鈦2-story square frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. The gable roof has hipped roof dormers. It features two cure porches; one above the verandah and a second supported by four posts and spanning two-thirds of the northwest facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Hotel Broadalbin is a historic hotel at 59 W. Main St. in Broadalbin Fulton County New York. It is a two-part building consisting of a two story brick block building built in 1854 and clapboard clad frame block added in 1881. The brick block measures 30 feet by 90 and frame addition is 55 feet by 65 feet. Both have gable roofs and features a two story hipped roof verandah added about 1881.
The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company Warehouse and Repair Facility is an Art Deco industrial building located at 1111 North Capitol Street Northeast Washington D.C. in the NoMa neighborhood which houses the headquarters of National Public Radio.
The King's Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Middlecreek Township Somerset County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1806 and is a 127-foot-4-inch-long (38.81 m) Burr truss bridge with an asbestos covered gable roof. The bridge crosses Laurel Hill Creek. It is one of 10 covered bridges in Somerset County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Martha and Maurice Ostheimer Estate is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The estate home known as Grimmet was designed by noted architect John Gilbert McIlvaine a partner of Wilson Eyre and built in 1924 in the Tudor Revival style. It was expanded in 1952. The house has been converted to office use. The property includes the previously listed Wee Grimmet built about 1720 and expanded about 1929 by McIlvaine.
St. Luke's Episcopal Church and Cemetery is a historic Episcopal church at 303-321 N. Cedar Street 322 E. McBee Street in Lincolnton North Carolina.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register in 1992.
Iglesia de San Miguel (Villardeveyo) is a church in Asturias Spain.
Cape Field at Fort Glenn also known as Fort Glenn Army Airbase is a site significant for its role in World War II fighting.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.
Domj眉chsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 64 m its surface area is 0.247 km虏.
The Mag茅 River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
The Apele Albe River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Mill River is a tributary of the Saint George River in Thomaston Maine. From the confluence (44掳05鈥57鈥砃 69掳10鈥03鈥砏) of Branch Brook and Meadow Brook the river runs 2.7 miles (4.3 km) south to the head of the estuary of the Saint George.
Grande Autane is a 2782 m mountain in the Dauphin茅 Alps close to the cities of Gap and Ancelle in the d茅partement of Hautes-Alpes in France.
Nahlin Mountain is a mountain on the north side of the Nahlin River in far northwestern British Columbia Canada.
The Spirit River is a river in northern Alberta Canada. The name is a translation of the Cree words Chepe Sepi meaning ghost or spirit.The town of Spirit River is established close to the river banks and is named for the river as is the Municipal District of Spirit River No. 133 and the Spirit River Formation a geological formation of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
Coal Lake is a long sinuous lake located approximately 60 km (37 mi) southeast of the city of Edmonton just northeast of the city of Wetaskiwin. The lake is glacial meltwater channel from the last ice age. The lake starts east of Kavanagh Alberta and ends near Gwynne Alberta. Coal Lake was named in 1892 by J.D.A. Fitzpatrick a Dominion Land Surveyor for the coal beds present in many places along the northeast shore.
The Z膬noaga River is a tributary of the B芒sca Mic膬 in Romania.
Harriot is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. It lies just to the north of the much larger crater Seyfert. To the northeast of Harriot is the crater Cantor. About one and a half crater diameters to the north of Harriot is the eastern end of a crater chain named Catena Sumner.
The Drac膬u River is a tributary of the Trotu艧 River in Romania.
The River Cober (Cornish: Dowr Kohar) is a short river in west Cornwall United Kingdom. It rises near Porkellis Moor in the former Kerrier District and runs to the west of the town of Helston before entering the largest natural lake in Cornwall 鈥 Loe Pool. The water is impounded by the natural barrier Loe Bar and the river system can be traced several kilometres out into Mount's Bay.
The Pamp茫 River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
The Iezerul Mare is a headwater of the R芒ul Mare in Romania.
The Valea Capelei (Hungarian: K谩polna-pataka meaning Chapel's Creek) is a tributary of the Trotu艧 River in Romania.
Bogoslof Island or Agasagook Island (Aleut: A臐asaa臐ux虃) is the summit of a largely submarine stratovolcano located in the Bering Sea in the U.S. state of Alaska 31 miles (50 km) behind the main Aleutian volcanic arc. It has a land area of 173 acres (0.70 km2) and is unpopulated. The peak elevation of the island is 490 feet (150 m). It last erupted in 1992. It is 1.76 kilometres (1.09 mi) long and 540 metres (0.34 mi) wide.
Lake Chebarkul (Russian: 芯蟹械褉芯 效械斜邪褉泻褍谢褜) is a lake in Chebarkulsky District Chelyabinsk Oblast Russia on the slopes of the southern Urals. The town of Chebarkul lies on its eastern shore and Chelyabinsk the administrative center of Chelyabinsk Oblast is located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) to the northeast.
Gr氓v氓h酶 is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
The Fa葲a Iarului River or Iaru River or Valea Iarului River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
A river mouth or stream mouth is a part of a river where it flows into the sea river lake reservoir or ocean. At the mouth of a river a delta is formed resulting from sediment deposition.
The Laccadive Sea or Lakshadweep Sea (Malayalam: 啻侧磿嗟嵿捶啻︵祶啻掂祤啻 啻曕礋啻侧祶鈥) is a body of water bordering India (including its Lakshadweep islands) the Maldives and Sri Lanka. It is located to the west of Kerala. This warm sea has a stable water temperature through the year and is rich in marine life with the Gulf of Mannar alone hosting about 3600 species.
The Julier Pass (Romansh: Pass dal G眉glia German: Julierpass Italian Passo del Giulia) (el. 2284 m) is a mountain pass in Switzerland in the Albula Range of the Alps. It connects the Engadin valley with the rest of Graub眉nden. At its summit the pass crosses the watershed / drainage divide between the basins of the Rivers Rhine and Danube. The Julier Pass lies between Piz Lagrev and Piz Julier.Remains of a Roman temple and cart tracks were found and illustrate its importance in Roman times.
Edgbaston Reservoir originally known as Rotton Park Reservoir and referred to in some early maps as Rock Pool Reservoir is a canal feeder reservoir in the Ladywood district of Birmingham England. It is situated close to Birmingham City Centre and is a Site of Importance for Nature Conservation.
Volcan Rumoka also known as Rumoka and Le Rumoka is a cinder cone volcano in Nord-Kivu Democratic Republic of the Congo (formerly known as Zaire). The volcano is a minor satellite cone on the flanks of the massive shield volcano of Nyamuragira. It is located about 16 km (10 mi) south of Nyamuragira's caldera.
Hutberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
Mount Haku (鐧藉北 Haku-san) is a mountain in Nishiwaki Hy艒go Prefecture Japan. This mountain is one of the Hy艒go 50 Mountains.
Juri Quta (Aymara juri mud foul water dull wet quta lake mud lake or dull lake  hispanicized spellings Juri Kkota Juri Khota Juri Kota Yuri Kkota) is a lake in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Pukarani Municipality Wayna Potos铆 Canton. It is situated at a height of about 4932 metres (16181 ft) south west of the Kunturiri massif and west of lake Ch'iyar Quta.
The R芒ul Diului is a tributary of the Baleia River in Romania.
Halfmoon Lake is a 282-acre (1.14 km2) water body located in Belknap County in central New Hampshire United States in the towns of Barnstead and Alton. The pond is part of the Suncook River watershed flowing south to the Merrimack River.
Schroeder Mountain is a mountain in the California's Sierra Nevada on the Tahoe National Forest. It is located 0.8 miles (1 km) east of California State Route 49 in Sierra County. Its elevation is 6942 feet (2116 m).It is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) west-northwest of Yuba Pass 1.5 miles (2.4 km) southwest of Beartrap Meadow; approx. 30 miles (48 km) northeast of Downieville. Clark Station Summer Home Tract is at the base of the mountain.
Reiek is a tourist spot 29 km from Aizawl Mizoram India. It rest at an elevation of 1548 metres overlooking Aizawl and offers view of the surrounding valleys and hills. On a clear day the plains of Bangladesh can be seen from the top of the hill. Reiek Hill is surrounded by thick lush green temperate trees and bushes.
The Montezuma Hills comprise a small range of low-elevation hills at the northern banks of the Sacramento River Delta in Solano County California. The Montezuma Hills are bounded by the Sacramento River on the south and east; the Montezuma Slough on the west and roughly by California State Route 12 on the north.
Hernio (Basque pronunciation: [藞e删njo]; also spelled Ernio) is an iconic summit in the Basque Country very popular with the Gipuzkoans and located right at the heart of the province. The peak is the highest point of a massif extending north-west to south-east the summit rising by the pass of Zelatun. Neighbouring summits lined up NW to SE at the range are mount Gazume (997 m) standing west across the summit and mount Herniozabal (1010 m) closing the range east at the rear.
Mindungsan is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1118.8 m (3671 ft).
The Boul River is a tributary of the Tazl膬ul Mare River in Romania.
The Runcule葲 River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
Bilbo Colles is an area of small hills on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. The hills are located near Titan's equator at 4掳 south and 38掳 east within the Quivara region.Bilbo Colles is named after Bilbo Baggins a hobbit in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional world of Middle Earth who appears most prominently in The Hobbit. The name follows a convention that Titanean colles (hills or small knobs) are named after characters in Tolkien's work.
The Palomar Mountain Range is a high Peninsular mountain range in northern San Diego County of Southern California. The name which means pigeon roost in Spanish was given to it due to the prevalence of Band-tailed Pigeons.The peaks are about 3000 to 6000 feet (914 to 1829 m) above sea level and include: 'High Point' being the pinnacle of the range at 6140 feet (1871 m).Birch Hill (5710 ft or 1740 m)Boucher Hill (5436 ft or 1657 m).鈫 鈫
The Eifel is a low mountain range in western Germany and eastern Belgium. It occupies parts of southwestern North Rhine-Westphalia northwestern Rhineland-Palatinate and the south of the German-speaking Community of Belgium.The Eifel is part of the Rhenish Massif; within its northern portions lies the Eifel National Park.
Hraundrangi (Lava Column or Rockfall Spire) is a conical peak in the Drangafjall ridge dividing 脰xnadalur from H枚rg谩rdalur in north Iceland. It rises to 1075 metres (3527 ft) above sea level 80 metres (260 ft) above the ridge. It was probably originally named simply Drangi and acquired the prefix from the farm of Hraun which lies below it on the 脰xnadalur side.
Bubesheimer Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
Baltis Vallis is a sinuous channel on Venus ranging from one to three kilometers wide and nearly 7000 kilometers long slightly longer than the Nile and the longest known channel of any kind in the solar system. It is thought that it once held a river of lava known as a lava channel. The lava must have had a very low viscosity possibly due to a carbonatite composition.
The Third East Branch Magalloway River is a 4.0-mile-long (6.4 km) stream in northwestern Maine. It is a tributary of the West Branch Magalloway River which flows to the Magalloway River then the Androscoggin River and ultimately to the tidal Kennebec River and the Atlantic Ocean.
Numbu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
The Sibbersdorfer See is a lake in the district of Ostholstein within the region known as Holstein Switzerland in the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It lies between Sibbersdorf and Fissau north of the Gro脽er Eutiner See near the town of Eutin. It has an area of 60 hectares (150 acres) is up to 7 metres deep lies at an elevation of about 26.8 m above sea level and is crossed by the River Schwentine.
The River of Little Marquis is a river of Grenada.
The Amalis is a river of K臈dainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania.
The Limmat is a river in Switzerland. The river commences at the outfall of Lake Zurich in the centre of the city of Zurich. From Zurich it flows in a northwesterly direction after 35 km reaching the river Aare. The confluence is located north of the small town of Brugg and shortly after the mouth of the Reuss.The main towns along the Limmat Valley downstream of Zurich are Dietikon Wettingen and Baden.
Ipe木 (Slovak) or Ipoly (Hungarian) (German: Eipel archaic Slovak: Jupo木 ) is a 232 km long river in Slovakia and Hungary tributary to the river Danube. Its source is in central Slovakia in the Slovensk茅 rudohorie Mountains. It flows south to the Hungarian border and then southwest west and again south along the border until it flows into the Danube near Szob. Ipe木 flows through or makes border of Bansk谩 Bystrica and Nitra regions in Slovakia and N贸gr谩d and Pest counties in Hungary.
The Marble Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
Mj氓vatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The long skinny lake lies between the lakes 脴mmervatnet and Fustvatnet about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of Mosj酶en. The European route E06 highway passes along the west coast of the lake.
The Liffey (An Life in Irish) is a river in Ireland which flows through the centre of Dublin. Its major tributaries include the River Dodder the River Poddle and the River Camac. The river supplies much of Dublin's water and a range of recreational opportunities.
The Ponor River is a tributary of the Mini艧 River in Romania. It joins the Mini葯 through a system of caves.
Jablanik (Serbian Cyrillic: 袌邪斜谢邪薪懈泻) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Valjevo. Its highest peak Jablanik has an elevation of 1275 meters above sea level.Jablanik is located at the source of the river Jablanica. It is separated from nearby Medvednik mountain by high pass Stolica while the Debelo brdo saddle separates it from Povlen in the southeast. The highest peak has the same name as the mountain itself - Jablanik and is 1275 m high.
Jauer is a river of Saxony Germany.
The Valea Mierlei River is a tributary of the Sebe艧 River in Romania.
Conneaut Creek /藞k蓲ni.蓲t/ is a 43.5-mile (70.0 km) tributary of Lake Erie in northwestern Pennsylvania and northeastern Ohio in the United States. Via Lake Erie the Niagara River and Lake Ontario it is part of the watershed of the St. Lawrence River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.Conneaut Creek rises in western Crawford County Pennsylvania and initially flows north-northwestwardly past Conneautville into western Erie County.
Horstmann Peak at 10475 feet (3193 m) above sea level is the 11th highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 1.85 mi (2.98 km) south-southeast of Mickey's Spire its line parent. It is also 2.0 mi (3.2 km) south of Thompson Peak and 1.35 mi (2.17 km) north of Braxon Peak.
Rossett Pike is a fell in the English Lake District. It is located at the head of Mickleden one of two tributary valleys of Great Langdale.
The Cacequi River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
Isspah Butte is a tuya in the Atsutla Range of the Kawdy Plateau in northern British Columbia Canada. It lies on the north side of the Nazcha Creek.
The Nahoon River (Xhosa: Nxaruni) is situated in the city East London on the East Coast of South Africa. It is to the east of the Buffalo River harbour and is to the west of Gonubie River. The suburb of Nahoon is on its west bank and Beacon Bay is on the east bank. It flows through an estuary and Africa's southern most mangrove forest into the Indian Ocean. Its mouth is located near Nahoon Reef which is a famous surfing spot and is also known for attacks by Great White Sharks.
The Dora Riparia (Latin: Duria minor) is an alpine river a left-hand tributary of the Po. It is 125 km (78 mi) long with a 1231 km虏 drainage basin. It originates in the Cottian Alps close to the Col de Montgen猫vre in France where it is called the Piccola Dora.
Taft (Ulster) is a river of Hesse Germany.
Roadford Lake also known as Roadford Reservoir is a man-made reservoir fed by the River Wolf. It is located to the north-east of Broadwoodwidger in West Devon eight miles (13 km) east of Launceston. It is the largest area of fresh water in the southwest of England. Operated by South West Water it directly supplies water for North Devon. It also supplies Plymouth and South West Devon via releases into the River Tamar for abstraction at Gunnislake.
Heng Shan or Heng Mountain (simplified Chinese: 鎭掑北; traditional Chinese: 鎭嗗北; pinyin: H茅ng Sh膩n) in Shanxi Province is one of the Five Great Mountains. Heng Shan in Shanxi Province is sometimes known as the Northern Heng Shan and the one in Hunan Province as Southern Heng Shan (Chinese: 琛″北; pinyin: H茅ng Sh膩n). Both mountains have the same pronunciation in Chinese and the Southern Heng Shan is also one of the Five Sacred Mountains.
Piz Corvatsch is a mountain of the Bernina Range overlooking Lake Silvaplana in the Swiss canton of Graub眉nden. With an elevation of 3451 m (11322 ft) it is the highest point on the range separating the main Engadin valley from the Val Roseg.A lower summit Piz Murtel (3304 m (10840 ft)) lies just above the cable car station (the cable car leaves from Silvaplana).
Serra Negra is a mountain in the southcentral part of the island of Sal in Cape Verde. The small mountain range runs from southwest to northeast and its length is nearly 1.5 to 2 km and the width is between 500 and 600 m.
Hedges Peak el. 9669 feet (2947 m) is a mountain peak in the Washburn Range in Yellowstone National Park. The peak was named in 1895 by geologist Arnold Hague to honor Cornelius Hedges (1837鈥1907) a member of the Washburn鈥揕angford鈥揇oane Expedition of 1871 and prominent Montana lawyer. Hedges accounts of the expedition in Helena Daily Herald newspaper contributed to the campaign to create Yellowstone National Park. Prior to 1895 the peak had been named Surprise Peak by geologist J.P.
Hurst Reservoir is a disused reservoir near Glossop north Derbyshire. In 1837 50 local millowners and gentlemen known as the Glossop Commissioners obtained an Act of Parliament to construct the Glossop Reservoirs. Hurst Reservoir was on the Hurst Brook and Mossy Lea Reservoir was to take water from the Shelf Brook. Only the Hurst Reservoir was constructed before the money ran out. Mossy Lea Reservoir was later constructed privately by the Duke of Norfolk.
Kleiner Labussee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 57.5 m its surface area is 0.15 km虏.
Starcz贸wek [star藞t汀蕚uv蓻k] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zi臋bice within Z膮bkowice 艢l膮skie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Kobylin-Pieni膮偶ki [k蓴藞b扫lin pj蓻藞刹蓴虄蕚ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
Sorkh Deh (Persian: 爻乇禺丿賴鈥) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 36 families.
Ka艂y-Towarzystwo [藞kaw扫 t蓴va藞蕫扫stf蓴] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County 艁贸d藕 Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Nowe Ostrowy 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Kutno and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital 艁贸d藕.
Al Khayf is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
Agrani-Ingalgaon is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
Sulakyurt (Sarzep) is a village in the central district (Ardahan) of Ardahan Province Turkey. It is situated in a high palteau at 41掳10鈥睳 42掳37鈥睧. Distance to Ardahan is 10 kilometres (6.2 mi). The population of Sulakyurt is 999 as of 2010.
Karg贸w [藞kar伞uf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tucz臋py within Busko County 艢wi臋tokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Tucz臋py 16 km (10 mi) east of Busko-Zdr贸j and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
Jamnik [藞jamnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mucharz within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Wadowice and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Krak贸w.
Validabad (Persian: 賵賱賷丿丕亘丕丿鈥 also Romanized as Val墨d膩b膩d and Wal墨d膩b膩d) is a village in Khosrow Beyk Rural District Milajerd District Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 27 families.
Waksmund [藞vaksmunt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Krak贸w.The village has a population of 2439.
Bongan (Persian: 亘賳诏丕賳鈥 also Romanized as Bong膩n and Bang膩n; also known as Beshg膩n) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 673 in 177 families.
Jelsum is a small village in Leeuwarderadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 230 citizens (2004).
脺莽ba艧 K谋z谋lcahamam is a village in the District of K谋z谋lcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
Podoryszew [p蓴d蓴藞r扫蕚蓻f] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within 呕yrard贸w County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
Kocian贸w [k蓴藞t汀蓵anuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Poniatowa 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
Ovrin (Persian: 丕賵乇賷賳鈥 also Romanized as Ovr墨n Avar墨n and Or墨n) is a village in Hamedanak Rural District in the Central District of Baharestan County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9615 in 2340 families.
Wola Zofiowska [藞v蓴la z蓴藞fj蓴fska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno within Busko County 艢wi臋tokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Gnojno 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdr贸j and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
Hajj Abd (Persian: 丨丕噩 毓亘賷丿鈥 also Romanized as 岣膩jj 士Ab墨d; also known as 岣膩jj 鈥楢bd) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 18 families.
Miodary [mj蓴藞dar扫] (German: H枚nigern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce within Ole艣nica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 119.
Solitude is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
Shahraki (Persian: 卮賴乇賰賷鈥 also Romanized as Shahrak墨; also known as Deh-e Shahrak墨) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 18 families.
Chaman-e Amirabad (Persian: 趩賲賳 丕賲賷乇丕亘丕丿鈥 also Romanized as Chaman-e Am墨r膩b膩d; also known as Am墨r膩b膩d) is a village in Chuqur Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 19 families.
Kord Kandi (Persian: 賰乇丿賰賳丿賷鈥 also Romanized as Kord Kand墨) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 29 families.
Zakrzewo Ma艂e [za藞k蕚蓻v蓴 藞maw蓻] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk within Ciechan贸w County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Grudusk 18 km (11 mi) north of Ciechan贸w and 94 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.
Qaleh Now (Persian: 賯賱毓賴 賳賵鈥 also Romanized as Qal`eh Now) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
Wyrandy [v扫藞rand扫] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Purda and 15 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
艢wierczyna [蓵fj蓻r藞t汀蕚扫na] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzia艂oszyce within Pi艅cz贸w County 艢wi臋tokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Dzia艂oszyce 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Pi艅cz贸w and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
Lubominek [lub蓴藞min蓻k] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dw贸r Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Nasielsk 22 km (14 mi) north of Nowy Dw贸r Mazowiecki and 47 km (29 mi) north of Warsaw.
Szczyg艂贸w [藞蕚t汀蕚扫伞wuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupice within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wieliczka and 20 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Krak贸w.
P臋pice [p蓻m藞pit汀s蓻] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mni贸w within Kielce County 艢wi臋tokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Mni贸w and 13 km (8 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 469.
Shojaabad (Persian: 卮噩丕毓 丌亘丕丿鈥 also Romanized as Shoj膩鈥樐乥膩d; also known as Saj膩d膩b膩d and Sijj膩d膩b膩d) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 34 families.
Khana Poshtan (Persian: 禺丕賳丕倬卮鬲丕賳鈥 also Romanized as Kh膩n膩 Posht膩n) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 20 families.
Smolarka [sm蓴藞larka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina W艂oc艂awek within W艂oc艂awek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of W艂oc艂awek and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of Toru艅.
Pogon贸w [p蓴藞伞蓴nuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zbuczyn 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Siedlce and 103 km (64 mi) east of Warsaw.
Bu臒ra is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
Shabanlu (Persian: 卮毓亘丕賳賱賵鈥 also Romanized as Sha鈥榖膩nl奴) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Shomali Rural District Marhemetabad District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1473 in 338 families.
Kheyrabad (Persian: 禺賷乇丕亘丕丿鈥 also Romanized as Kheyr膩b膩d) is a village in Dalaki Rural District in the Central District of Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 441 in 79 families.
Czestk贸w B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within 艁ask County 艁贸d藕 Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Buczek 5 km (3 mi) south of 艁ask and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital 艁贸d藕.The village has a population of 290.
In India Pupunki is a village close to the Damodar River separating the Dhanbad and the Bokaro districts near the NH-32 highway.It has its own age old Ashram namely the Pupunki Ashram. Pupunki Ashram was the traditional age old home and educational hub for Gurus and their disciples. To this day the remnants of the same remain.The remote village was famous for the Multiversity established by AkhandaMandaleshwer Sri Sri Swami Swarupananda Paramsha Deva popularly known as Babamani.
Rudy [藞rud扫] also known as Rudy Wielkie (Great Rudy) or Rudy Raciborskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ku藕nia Raciborska within Racib贸rz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Ku藕nia Raciborska 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Racib贸rz and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.
Rakovac is a village in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
Razeh Band (Persian: 乇夭賴 亘賳丿鈥 also Romanized as Rezehband; also known as Razaband and Razeband) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District Chavarzaq District Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 583 in 145 families.
Tom Shuli (Persian: 鬲賲 卮賵賱賷鈥 also Romanized as Tom Sh奴l墨) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1289 in 276 families.
Barczewko [bar藞t汀蕚蓻fk蓴] (German: Alt Wartenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
Zingale is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
Tomasze [t蓴藞ma蕚蓻] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin within Ostro艂臋ka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Czerwin 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Ostro艂臋ka and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
Le艣niewo-Nied藕wied藕 [l蓻蓵藞刹蓻v蓴 藞刹蓻d汀蕬vj蓻t汀蓵] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Ko艣cielne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
Shahmar-e Baba Morad (Persian: 卮丕賴 賲丕乇亘丕亘丕賲乇丕丿鈥 also Romanized as Sh膩hm膩r-e B膩b膩 Mor膩d; also known as Sh膩hm膩r and Sheykh Morad-e Tofangch墨) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 25 families.
Sanganakeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
Razan (Persian: 乇夭丕賳鈥 also Romanized as Raz膩n) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 13 families.
Ard谋莽枚n眉 is a village in the District of Ta艧ova Amasya Province Turkey.
Aliabad (Persian: 毓賱賷 丌亘丕丿鈥 also Romanized as 鈥楢l墨膩b膩d) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 36 families.
S艂up [swup] (German: Schlaup) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina M臋cinka within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Jawor and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Wroc艂aw.The village has a population of 230.
Lyubcha (Bulgarian: 袥褞斜褔邪) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria. It is located in the municipality of Dospat Smolyan Province.
Kiwajny [ki藞vai摊n扫] (German Quehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina G贸rowo I艂aweckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of G贸rowo I艂aweckie 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
Ruda [藞ruda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno within Busko County 艢wi臋tokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
V铆karbyrgi is a former village on the Faroese island of Su冒uroy Faroe Islands.It no longer has a population. It retains a postal code (FO 928) and is located at N 61掳 26' 34 W 6掳 43' 28. The etymology of its name is reputed to be connected with an early settlement of Irish monks who predated the arrival of the Vikings. The last inhabitants had left V铆karbyrgi by 2003.
Dziarnowo [d汀蕬ar藞n蓴v蓴] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pako艣膰 within Inowroc艂aw County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
Makowiska [mak蓴藞viska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy 呕migr贸d within Jas艂o County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nowy 呕migr贸d 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Jas艂o and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzesz贸w.
Jakovac is a village in the municipality of Knja啪evac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 349 people.
Mantesh (Persian: 賲賳鬲卮鈥 also Romanized as Mantash) is a village in Lak Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.Mantesh actually incidentally a Sanskrit - Mahaan (Greatest) + Esha (Lord) meaning Greatest Lord. The existence of the name Mantesh in Iran proves that the hindu culture and tradition (100bc) was wide spread upto greater Iran and whole of peninsular region.
Astan-e Karud (Persian: 丕爻鬲丕賳賰乇賵丿鈥 also Romanized as 膧st膩n-e Kar奴d and 膧st膩n Kar奴d; also known as Arsinkir奴d Ashin Kir奴d 膧st膩nak R奴d and 膧st膩neh Kar奴d) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 24 families.
Ko艂czyn [藞k蓴u摊t汀蕚扫n] (German: K枚ltschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce within Sul臋cin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Sul臋cin and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Gorz贸w Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 400.
Mehran (Persian: 賲賴乇丕賳鈥 also Romanized as Mehr膩n) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 116 families.
Kwasielina [kfa蓵e藞lina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica within K臋pno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
Pueblo Bello (Pretty Village) is a village and municipality in the northern region of the Department of Cesar Colombia. It is located in the mountains of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta and is home to amerindians pertaining to the Arhuaco ethnicity whom consider Pueblo Bello a sanctuary but by the name of Arumake in their language. Pueblo Bello is the main producer of coffee in the Caribbean Region of Colombia.
Saravan (Persian: 爻乇丕賵丕賳鈥 also Romanized as Sar膩v膩n Saraw膩n and Seravan) is a village in Saravan Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5740 in 1511 families.
Henagehuwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
Chaudandi is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2715 people living in 469 individual households.
Kohandan (Persian: 賰賴賳丿丕賳鈥 also Romanized as Kohand膩n) is a village in Qahan Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 429 in 138 families.
Americobdella is a genus of carnivorous leeches from southern Chile comprising only the species Americobdella valdiviana.
The St. Helena Darter (Sympetrum dilatatum) is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is endemic to Saint Helena where the last specimen recorded was in 1963. The species is assumed to be extinct.
The Cereal Leaf Beetle (Oulema melanopus) is a significant crop pest described by Carl Linnaeus in 1758.
Manduca manducoides is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bolivia Argentina Paraguay and Brazil.It is can be distinguished from other species in the Manduca genus by the dark forewing upperside with few paler markings the hindwing upperside with an extensive white basal area and the underside of the thorax and abdomen which are suffused with pink. There are three yellow side patches located on the abdomen.
Kurtzia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.
Not to be confused with Scyliorhinus meadi also known as the blotched catsharkThe blotched catshark Asymbolus funebris is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae the only specimen the holotype being found off West Australia at 144 m. Its length is 44 cm and its reproduction is oviparous.
Hyperthaema sordida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1935. It is found in Brazil (Santa Cathrina).
The greater sac-winged bat Saccopteryx bilineata is a bat of the family Emballonuridae native to Central and South America.They are the most common bats seen in the rainforest as they often roost on the outside of large trees. They are insectivores and use echolocation calls through the mouth to track their prey. The long nose and upper lip are highly mobile and can shift upward to enlarge the mouth opening.The term sac-winged refers to small pouches on the wings of S. bilineata.
Batrachedra psithyra is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in New Zealand.The larvae feed on various ferns.
Enneanectes is a genus of triplefin fish in the family Tripterygiidae.
Cossmannica behainei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Cossmannica.
Neolamprologus tretocephalus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is found in sandy areas in the northern half of the lake. It is a predator on molluscs. This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
The cryptomonads-haptophytes assemblage is a proposed monophyletic grouping of chromalveolata that are not included in the SAR supergroup.
Western Atlantic seabream Archosargus rhomboidalis is an ocean-going species of fish in the family Sparidae. It was first described in 1758 by the 鈥渇ather of modern taxonomy鈥 Carolus Linnaeus in the 10th edition of his book Systema Naturae. Within their native range Western Atlantic seabream are also known as the seabream brim tropical sheepshead chopa amarilla or salema.
Eleutherodactylus nicefori is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
Euthera tentatrix is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
Brachytarsophrys chuannanensis (sometimes known as Chuanan short-legged toad) is a species of frog in the Megophryidae family. It is endemic to Chuannan in Sichuan China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
Mescinia estrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Mescinia. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1913 and is known from the Everglades in Florida U.S.A.Mescinia Estrella can grow to be almost a foot long in wing span. Many africans have created stories revolving around the mouth and its giant wings. One includes the depiction of a small child being taken from the village in the middle of the night and never heard from again.
Eupithecia ultrix is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-western China (Sichuan Yunnan).The wingspan is about 22 mm. The fore- and hindwings are light brown.
Calosoma investigator is a species of ground beetle belonging to the genus Calosoma and the subgenus Charmosta. The species is diffused in North-Eastern Europe and Siberia.
Dianzhongia is a genus of tritylodont therapsid from the Sinemurian (Early Jurassic) of Yunnan China. Only partial cranial remains from the Zhangjiawa locality of the Lufeng Formation can so far be attributed to this animal. It may be synonymous with the related genus Lufengia.
Lycaenoides is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
Prodontia dimidiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Prodontia.
Buccinaria loochooensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
The Prions (or whalebirds) are small petrels in the genera Pachyptila and Halobaena. They form one of the four groups within the Procellariidae (also referred to as the prions) along with the gadfly petrels shearwaters and fulmarine petrels.They are found in the Southern Ocean and breed on a number of subantarctic islands. Prions grow 20鈥27 cm (7.9鈥10.6 in) long and have blue-grey upper parts and white underparts.
Acheilognathus yamatsutae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus.
Collix olivia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Fiji.
Mordella griseopubens is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1923.
Pseudoeurycea galeanae is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland plantations and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
Eleutherodactylus patriciae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to the Dominican Republic. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
The Interrupted Dagger Moth (Acronicta interrupta) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found across southern Canada south of the Boreal forest from New Brunswick west to eastern Alberta south to Georgia Nebraska and Arizona.The wingspan is 35鈥42 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August or September depending on the location.
Pseudathyma falcata the Falcate False Sergeant is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Ivory Coast Ghana Togo and western Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests.Adult males mud puddle.
Pyroderces brosi is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Italy.The wingspan is about 13 mm. Adults have been recorded in June.
Leptobrachium nigrops is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
Scania messia is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Valpara铆so to the Los Lagos Region of Chile Buenos Aires Tandil La Rioja and Santa Fe in Argentina and Colonia Estanzuela Puntas Arcual Montevideo and Paysand煤 in Uruguay.The wingspan is about 31.6 mm. Adults are on wing from August to April.The larvae feed on various agricultural crops as well as Fagaceae species and Brassica nigra.
The starry flounder (Platichthys stellatus) is a common flatfish found around the margins of the North Pacific.The distinctive features of the starry flounder include the combination of black and white-to-orange bar on the dorsal and anal fins as well as the skin covered with scales modified into tiny star-shaped plates or tubercles (thus both the common name and species epithet) resulting in a rough feel. The eyed side is black to dark brown while the lower side is white or cream-colored.
Achroia innotata is a species of snout moth known from Sarawak Malaysia Ceylon Sri Lanka and South Africa. It was described by Walker in 1864 and contains the subspecies Achroia innotata innotata Achroia innotata lankella and Achroia innotata sakaiella.The larvae infest beehives including those of Apis cerana.
Pusiola fageli is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1954. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The White Royal Pratapa deva is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
Cubiceps is a genus of driftfishes found circumglobally.
Aacocrinus also known as the feather star is a genus of extinct sea lily from the Actinocrinitidae (or Patelliocrinidae) family. It has been shown that it was an attached stationary organism that blindly fed on passing organism.
Promachoteuthis is a genus of small weakly muscled squid found at bathypelagic depths. Three species have been formally described while another two await description.
The Ornate Hydriris (Hydriris ornatalis) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It has a wide distribution and is known from southern Europe Asia Australia Africa and North America where it is restricted to Florida.The wingspan is about 16 mm.The larvae feed on Convolvulaceae species including Ipomoea aquatica.
Ptelina carnuta the Bordered Buff is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo southern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo (Haut-Uele Ituri Tshopo Equateur Kinshasa Sankuru and Lualaba) Uganda and north-western Tanzania.
Cerithiopsis satisnodosa is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Rol谩n and Fern谩ndez-Garc茅s in 2010.
Manzonia insulsa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
Turbonilla pazana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
Verheyen's Multimammate Mouse (Mastomys kollmannspergeri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Cameroon Chad Niger Nigeria and Sudan.Its natural habitats are dry savanna intermittent rivers intermittent freshwater lakes and urban areas.
Calathus solieri is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can bde found on the islands such as Sardinia and Sicily.
Abegesta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
Caloschemia is a genus of moths of the Callidulidae family.
Nephrotoma suturalis wulpiana is a subspecies of tiger crane fly.
The Bioko Allen's bushbaby (Galago alleni) is a species of primate in the Galagidae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon and Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
Phyllomacromia flavimitella is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is found in Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of the Congo Uganda and possibly the Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The Bull-headed Shrike (Lanius bucephalus) is a passerine bird of eastern Asia belonging to the shrike family Laniidae.It is 19鈥20 cm (approx. 7.48-7.9 inches) long. The male has a brown crown white eyebrow and black mask. The back is grey-brown while the wings are dark with a white patch. The flanks are rufous and the rest of the underparts are whitish with fine barring. Females are similar but duller and browner with a brown mask and no white wing-patch.
Erismatica is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species Erismatica erythropis which is known from Zimbabwe.
The Turkish hamster (Mesocricetus brandti) also referred to as Brandt鈥檚 hamster Azerbaijani hamster or avurtlak is a species of hamster native to Turkey Armenia and other surrounding nations.
Eatoniella subgoniostoma is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eatoniellidae the eatoniellids.
Pachymerium is a genus of centipedes in the family Geophilidae containing the following species:
Eleutherodactylus tigrillo is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and possibly Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
Staurocumites is an extinct genus of sea cucumber which existed in Europe during the Triassic and Jurassic periods. The type species is Staurocumites bartensteini.
Myurella affinis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
Athis delecta is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Mexico (Veracruz).
Habrosyne is a genus of moth belonging to the Drepaninae family.
Anthidium berbericum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
The Caspian Tit (Poecile hyrcanus formerly Parus hyrcanus) is a passerine bird in the tit family. It is often lumped with Sombre Tit Poecile lugubris (del Hoyo et al.
Stenalia longipennis is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1952 by Ermisch.
Aborolabis emarginata is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
Belemnia ochriplaga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Brazil.
Peristernia castanoleuca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
Chlamys swifti common name Swift's scallop is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae.
Buddleja davidii 'Pink Spread' is a Dutch cultivar which has become well established in the UK and USA. The shrub is also known as 'Pink Spreader'.
Eucalyptus nitens commonly known as Shining Gum is a Eucalypt species native to Victoria and eastern New South Wales Australia. It grows in wet forests and rainforest margins on fertile soils in cool high-rainfall areas.
Lampas elmeri is a species of showy mistletoe endemic to Borneo in the monotypic genus Lampas. It was described by Danser in 1929.
The Iris-like Cymbidium (Cymbidium iridioides) is a species of orchid.
Begonia pelargoniiflora is a species of plant in the Begoniaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Coelognye pandurata found in Malaysia Sumatra Borneo and the Philippines as a large sized hot growing epiphyte found on large trees near rivers or terrestrial with well-spaced strongly compressed oblong or suborbicular sulcate pseudobulb carrying 2 apical plicate elliptic-lanceolate leaves with a stout petiole that blooms in late spring-summer out of the center of new leads with up to 15 flowers on a terminal arched to pendant 6 to 12 [15 to 30 cm] long racemose inflorescence.
Digitalis obscura is a flowering plant commonly known as the Sunset Foxglove or Willow-leaved Foxglove. It is native to regions in Spain and Africa but can be grown as an ornamental flower around the world. It is a perennial woody plant belonging to the family Plantaginaceae.
In taxonomy Heterochlamydomonas is a genus of algae specifically of the Chlamydomonadales.
Bulbophyllum profusum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
Downingia ornatissima is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name folded calicoflower. This showy wildflower is endemic to California where it is a resident of vernal pools and other wet places in the Central Valley. This annual grows an erect branching stem with usually one tubular flower at the top of each branch.
Madhuca rufa is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Guzmania fuerstenbergiana is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Eudema is a genus of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae from South America. It contains six species including Eudema nubigena.
Polycarpaea hassalensis is a species of plant in the Caryophyllaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rocky areas.
Salvia ecuadorensis is a species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family that is native to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Nipponanthemum nipponicum common names Nippon Daisy or Montauk Daisy is a plant species native to coastal regions of Japan but cultivated as an ornamental in other regions. It is now naturalized as an escape along seashores in New York and New Jersey. It is the only species in the genus Nipponanthemum formerly considered part of Chrysanthemum.Nipponanthemum nipponicum is a shrub up to 100 cm (40 inches) tall. Most of the alternate leaves are clustered near the top of the stem.
Warszewiczia coccinea (or Chaconia Wild Poinsettia and Pride of Trinidad and Tobago) is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is the national flower of Trinidad and Tobago because it blooms on 31 August which coincides with the day that Trinidad and Tobago became independent from Great Britain.
Epithelantha micromeris is a button cactus in the genus Epithelantha. It is characterized by its white-grey spines growing on a globular shaped stem. The density of its white spines give it the illusion of being completely grey making it very difficult to see the green color beneath. It grows to be 1-5 cm tall and roughly 2-4 cm in diameter. E. micromeris produces small pink-white flowers often considered to be some of the smallest of the cacti.
Calophyllum mooni is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found only in Sri Lanka.
Euphorbia antiquorum Euphorbia of the Ancients is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is the type species and is closely related to Euphorbia pulcherrima the Poinsettia. Ancients Euphorbias are succulent plants and they are also called 鈥淎ntique Spurge鈥 (?).
Plagiomnium affine (Blandow ex Funck) T. Kop. is a species of thyme-moss found in old-growth boreal forests in North America Europe and Asia growing in moist but not wet basic to slightly acidic micro-habitats in woodland and in turf. ('Plagio' = oblique 'Mnium' = genus of thyme-moss)Forming low lawns stems are usually some 2 cm long with densely packed leaves though 10 cm long trailing infertile stems have only sparse leaves smaller than those on fertile stems.
Photinia glabra is a species in the family Rosaceae.
Cyathea hornei is a species of tree fern. Its natural distribution covers eastern New Guinea and the Louisiade Archipelago to Fiji where it grows in wet submontane forest stunted forest mossy forest and on ridges at an altitude of 400-2000 m. The trunk of this plant is erect 3-4 m tall and up to about 4 cm in diameter. Fronds may be pinnate or bipinnate and reach a length of 2 m. Basal scales cover the dark rachis and stipe of this species.
Iris xiphium commonly known as the Spanish Iris is an iris native to Spain and Portugal. It is bulbous and bears handsome blue and yellow flowers though they are not so large as those of I. xiphiodes. This species is also known as the Small Bulbous-rooted Iris. The Spanish Iris is favoured by florists for its striking colour combinations. This species has several varieties popular in horticulture among them var.
Aloe erinacea is a species of plant in the genus Aloe. It is endemic to Namibia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Acacia nigricans is a species of wattle which is endemic to an area on the south coast of Western Australia. It is a shrub which ranges from 0.4 to 2 metres in height. It produces yellow globular flowers between mid-winter and late spring.The species was formally described in 1807 by French naturalist Jacques Labillardi猫re who gave it the name Mimosa nigricans based on plant material collected from Esperance. It was transferred to the genus Acacia in 1813 by botanist Robert Brown.
Inga thibaudiana is a species of tropical tree in the Mimosoideae subfamily of Fabaceae. It occurs in Central and South America where it is known as guaba de mono guabito and guavo de playa.
Bulbophyllum odoratum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
Glycyrrhiza echinata is a species of flowering plant in the genus Glycyrrhiza.
Boswellia ogadensis is a species of plant in the Burseraceae family. It is endemic to Ethiopia.
Bulbophyllum limbatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
Cyathea borneensis is a species of tree fern native to southern parts of Thailand and Cambodia as well as the Malay Peninsula and Borneo where it grows in lowland forest at an altitude of 400-1100 m. The trunk is erect and usually up to 2 m tall or more. Fronds are bi- to tripinnate and 2-3 m long. The stipe is spiny and warty. It is covered with scattered scales that are dark glossy and have narrow fragile edges.
Pyrus syriaca the Syrian pear is a deciduous tree of the Rose family. It is the only pear species which grows in the wild in Israel.The Syrian pear is a protected plant in Israel. It grows in unsalted ground usually in Mediterranean scrub the Galilee and the Golan.In the months of March and April the tree blossoms with white flowers. The fruit ripen in the autumn in the months of September and October.
Olearia lirata (Snowy Daisy-bush or Dusty Daisy-bush) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It occurs in moist forest and scrub in New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania.
Heliconia stricta is a plant species native to Brazil Colombia Venezuela Ecuador Peru Bolivia Guyana Suriname reproducing by seeds and by underground rhizomes. It is reportedly naturalized in Cuba and Puerto Rico and cultivated as an ornamental in many other warm regions.Some common cultivated varieties are:BuckyDwarf JamaicanFire BirdIris BannochieOliveira's SharoniiTagami鈫 鈫 鈫 鈫 鈫 鈫 鈫
Grosvenoria hypargyra is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
Prostanthera eurybioides of the family Lamiaceae also known as Monarto Mint-Bush is a perennial low spreading shrub less than 1m high endemic to Australia. This plant has a very limited distribution and is a nationally threatened species. Threats to survival include low seedling recruitment habitat degradation due to weeds grazing pressure and human influence.
Angostylis is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae.
Thomson Scientific was one of the five operating divisions of The Thomson Corporation from 2006 to 2008. Following the merger of Thomson with Reuters to form Thomson Reuters in 2008 it became the Scientific business unit of the new company. In 2009 the Scientific business came together with the Healthcare business to form the Healthcare & Science business of Thomson Reuters. The healthcare business was sold in 2012 and is now Truven Health Analytics.
Dalbergia acariiantha is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Tanzania.
Lovoa trichilioides (also called African Walnut Congowood or Tigerwood) is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Ghana Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania and Uganda. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Bulbophyllum brevibrachiatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
'Bridge of Sighs' is a rose introduced by Harkness Roses in 2000. It is a climbing rose that is of an apricot and amber color. It was named after the bridge at Hertford College Oxford which Peter Harkness attended.
Stenanthium densum is a poisonous but spectacular monocot wildflower native to pine barrens of the eastern United States. Stenanthium leimanthoides is either treated as a synonym of this species or as a separate species. It is known variously as Osceola's plume crowpoison or black snakeroot.Within the family Melanthiaceae it is placed in the tribe Melanthieae.
The endangered flower Delphinium luteum the yellow larkspur is a perennial of the buttercup family which is endemic to the rocky foggy hillsides of coastal Sonoma County California. As of 2005 there were about 200 individuals believed to be in existence. This rare plant is a small herb bearing bright yellow cornucopia-shaped flowers. The plant was never distributed beyond the coastal area of Sonoma and Marin Counties and has never been abundant.
'Marcon' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
Tillandsia engleriana is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Bolivia.
Triticale (脳 Triticosecale) /tr瑟t瑟藞ke瑟li藧/ is a hybrid of wheat (Triticum) and rye (Secale) first bred in laboratories during the late 19th century. The grain was originally bred in Scotland and Sweden. Commercially available triticale is almost always a second generation hybrid i.e. a cross between two kinds of primary (first cross) triticales.
Vriesea neoglutinosa is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
Buddleja 'Hever Pride' is a cultivar of the hybrid Buddleja crispa 脳 Buddleja lindleyana raised at Hever Castle Gardens Edenbridge Kent in 1958.
Croton elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Croton.
Cineraria is now generally treated as a genus of about 50 species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae native to southern Africa. The genus includes herbaceous plants and small subshrubs.In the past the genus was commonly viewed in a broader sense including a number of species from the Canary Islands and Madeira which are now transferred to the genus Pericallis including the Florist's Cineraria (Pericallis x hybrida).
Theobroma bicolor known commonly as the Mocambo tree Jaguar tree Balamte or Pataxte among various other common names is a tree in the genus Theobroma (family Malvaceae) which also contains the better-known Theobroma cacao (Cocoa tree). It is known from Central and South America including stretches of the Amazon rainforest in countries such as Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.
Acacia uncifolia commonly known as Coast Wirilda is an wattle endemic to south-eastern Australia. It grows as a tall shrub or small tree up to 2鈥6 m high and 2鈥4 m wide in coastal areas of South Australia and Victoria as well as on Tasmania鈥檚 Flinders Island and possibly other islands in Bass Strait. Its preferred habitats are coastal heathland shrubland and dry open woodland on calcarenite soils. The phyllodes have hooked tips and the flowers are pale yellow.
Jumellea recta is a species of orchid endemic to R茅union and Mauritius.
Becchete or B毛cch毛te (pronounced B'-ch茅w-teh) is a Matis and Mats茅s word for a medicinal plant now known to be Tabernaemontana undulata a milkwood species in the family Apocynaceae. It occurs in the Amazon rainforest.
Atriplex argentea is a species of saltbush known by the common names silverscale saltbush and silver orache. It is native to western North America from southern Canada to northern Mexico where it grows in many types of habitat generally on saline soils.
Narcissus alcaracensis is a species of bulbous plant that is endemic to Spain. Its natural habitats are rivers and swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss. The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families does not accept the name N. alcaracensis regarding it as a synonym of the widespread N. hispanicus.Narcissus alcaracensis has a very narrow range found only in the Alcaraz mountains in Spain. It grows in marshes along with Carex hispida in streams and shallow lakes.
Polylepis (pronounced pah-lee-LEE-piss or pah-lee-LEH-piss) is a genus comprising twenty eight recognised shrub and tree species that are endemic to the mid- and high-elevation regions of the tropical Andes. This group is unique in the rose family in that it is predominantly wind-pollinated. They are usually gnarled in shape but in certain areas some trees are 15鈥20 m tall and have 2 m-thick trunks.
Collomia tinctoria is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name staining collomia. It is native to the western United States from Washington to Montana to California where it grows in open rocky habitat in mountains. It is an annual herb producing a slender branched stem no taller than about 8 centimeters. The glandular hairy leaves are lance-shaped. The inflorescence is composed of two or three flowers emerging from the leaf axils.
Commelina dianthifolia known as the birdbill dayflower is a perennial herb native to Arizona Colorado New Mexico Texas and northern Mexico. Petals are blue while sepals are green. The inflorescence is a scorpioid cyme and it is subtended by a boat-like spathe.
Polypremum is a flowering plant genus in the family Tetrachondraceae. The genus contains the single species Polypremum procumbens commonly known as juniper leaf or rustweed.Polypremum has also been placed in the various families Buddlejaceae Loganiaceae Rubiaceae and most recently in its own Polypremaceae Takht. ex Reveal (2011).
The cawesh Annona scleroderma (Cawesh or Poshe-te) is a species of tree in the Annonaceae family with an edible fruit the size of an orange. The cream-colored flesh of the fruit has a creamy banana-pineapple flavor and a soft texture. The fruit's tough skin makes it particularly easy to handle. The fruit is little known outside its native region. It reaches 15 to 20 meters tall.Its native range is the Atlantic coast of Central America from Mexico and Guatemala to Honduras.
Campanula portenschlagiana syn. C. muralis is a species of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae native to the Dalmatian Mountains in Croatia. It is a vigorous low-growing mound-forming evergreen perennial with deep purple flowers in summer. Common names include Dalmatian bellflower Adria bellflower and wall bellflower.
Glycosmis crassifolia is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Zephyrantheae Salisb. is a now obsolete tribe within the Amaryllidaceae family containing five genera (Habranthus Pyrolirion Rhodophiala Sprekelia Zephyranthes).
Floydia is a monotypic species of tree in the family Proteaceae native to Australia. It is a somewhat rare tree found only growing in the rainforests of southeastern Queensland and northern New South Wales. The sole species is Floydia praealta and is commonly known as the ball nut or possum nut.The tree has a superficial resemblance to the closely related Macadamia and could be confused with them. The fruit of F. praealta is poisonous.
Palicourea is a plant genus in the family Rubiaceae. It contains about 200 species which range in habit from shrubs to small trees and is distributed throughout the New World tropics.These plants are very closely related to Psychotria and in particular its subgenus Heteropsychotria. Indeed it seems to be nothing else but a distinctively-flowered offshoot of Heteropsychotria; arguably it would thus need to be merged into Psychotria to make that genus monophyletic.
Trachyspermum is a genus in the plant family Apiaceae.Species: Trachyspermum ammi ajwain Trachyspermum roxburghianum radhuni Trachyspermum stewartii
Castanea sativa or Sweet Chestnut is a species of flowering plant in the family Fagaceae native to Europe and Asia Minor and widely cultivated throughout the temperate world. A substantial long-lived deciduous tree it produces an edible seed the chestnut which has been used in cooking since ancient times.For a more detailed description of the chestnut as a food see under the main article chestnut.
Lycoseris is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It contains around 11 species including Lycoseris eggersii.
Stigmata is the second album by Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. The album was Arch Enemy's first to see worldwide release in Europe and North America on Century Media Records and in Japan again on Toy's Factory records. Stigmata features session drummer Peter Wildoer who had also appeared in Christopher Amott's solo project Armageddon on the 1997 album Crossing the Rubicon shortly before the recording of the album.
Recurse is the debut studio album released by American electro-industrial band Finite Automata. It was released on December 29 2012 by Beyond Therapy Records in digital format and released on compact disc on February 22 2013.The album features reworked and re-recorded material from the group's previous demo-release Here Won No One as well as reworked material written between 2007 and 2010.
My Son the Nut is the third album by Allan Sherman released by Warner Bros. Records in 1963. The album held the top spot on the Billboard Top 200 for nearly two months from August 31 to October 25 1963. It stayed on the charts for 140 weeks and sold 1.2 million copiesSherman's first two albums had been filled with in-jokes about Jewish culture. With his third album his parodies became more generic.
Euphonicmontage is the ninth studio album by Echo Orbiter. It was released on Looking Glass Workshop in 2010. The album has been described as 鈥渁n innovative landmark in the world of indie rock.鈥 With an experimental nature mixing a range of influences from writer Ayn Rand to The Flaming Lips Euphonicmontage was recorded to reflect the same Cubist style of Picasso鈥檚 paintings in musical form.
You're the Greatest Lover is a budget-priced compilation album by Dutch girl group Luv' released by PolyGram Netherlands in 1998. It features songs from the back catalogue of Phonogram/Philips Records Luv's label between 1977 and 1979 when the female pop trio reachedits peak in a large part of Continental Europe and South Africa. This album is named after the biggest hit record of the female pop formation: You're the Greatest Lover.
Parallel is a video feature compiling all of R.E.M.'s Automatic for the People and Monster-era promotional videos as well as several recorded for this release alone.
Gold: The Best of Spandau Ballet is a greatest hits album from Spandau Ballet released on 4 September 2001 and contains 17 of their biggest hits. It was re-released on 17 August 2008 with a bonus live DVD.The track listing below is for the standard U.S. version of the album. Certain alternate releases featured Raw and Be Free With Your Love two tracks from the band's Heart Like a Sky album (which was not released in the U.S.) in place of She Loved Like Diamond.
Mission Bell - EP was released by the musical duo Everly on November 5 2008. Their EP entitled Mission Bell is an eclectic mix of country folk and pop rock sounds. Their EP features ten original tracks with a bonus track altered specifically for the television series One Tree Hill. All songs are written and performed by Bethany Joy Galeotti and music partner Amber Sweeney. The group released an EP through music outlets iTunes Amazon and CD Baby.
Necropolis is the eighth studio album by the Polish death metal band Vader. The album was released on August 21 2009 by Nuclear Blast. The album was nominated for a Fryderyk Award in the category 'Heavy Metal Album of the Year (Album roku heavy metal)'. On April 8 2009 Vader released the first part of their studio report for the album.
Link Wray is the self-titled 1971 album by pioneer Rock & Roll guitarist Link Wray. The music is an Americana blend of Blues Country Gospel and Folk rock elements. This music is characterized by the purposeful use of simplified sounds to reflect the then-current vogue of blues and other roots music being used in many roots rock bands. Wray's guitar-work composing and vocals reflected modern rock influences.
Hear You Me! A Tribute To Mykel And Carli is a compilation album released in 1998 on Vast Records.When Mykel and Carli Allan died a tribute and benefit concert was organized to help the Allan family with the funeral costs. The show featured friends of the Allan sisters that dog. Black Market Flowers and was headlined by Weezer.
The Choir is a retrospective EP by The Choir that has been released only in 12 format. The cover features the same photograph as Choir Practice although it has been cropped and is much grainier. There are actually five songs on the record even though the cover says that there are only four.
Duces 'n Trayz: The Old Fashioned Way is the second and final studio album by American rap group Tha Eastsidaz released on July 30 2001. The album features the single I Luv It and includes the song Crip Hop which was also featured in the film Baby Boy and the corresponding soundtrack.The album had peaked the Billboard 200 at 4th place after a solid sales of 116000 CDs delivered and stayed on the chart for nine consecutive weeks.
Jaio.Musika.Hil is the fifth studio album by Basque alternative rock band Berri Txarrak and the first one as a power trio without the guitar player Aitor Ojea as a member of the band. It was released on 2005.
Mellow Beats Friends & Lovers is a compilation album. It is produced by various artists including Uyama Hiroto Naoki Maeda Dwele Golden Boy Sora Takagi Masakatsu Kuniyuki Takahashi and Rei Harakami. It is often thought to be produced by Nujabes but only 2 of the 15 songs are actually produced by Nujabes.
No. 2 LIVE Dinner is an album of live music by Texas-based folk singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen released in the United States in 1996) on Sugar Hill Records. The performances are from two different dates the first fourteen tracks (described as Dinner in the CD Liner notes) were recorded at Floores Country Store in Helotes TX on August 12 1995. Tracks fifteen through seventeen (described as Dessert) were recorded at Cactus Cafe Ballroom in Austin TX on October 8 of the same year.
The Joker is Wild was the second album released by Alex Harvey after the demise of The Soul Band. The album was released in 1972. Some time after 1972 the album The Joker Is Wild was reissued and repackaged the album song listings stayed the same but the album was credited as being made by The Sensational Alex Harvey Band even though this band did not exist at the time and the title was changed to This Is.
Rekapitulacija 1980鈥1984 is a retrospective album of Slovenian Industrial group Laibach. It was first released as a double LP boxset in 1985 and re-released on CD in 1987.
Redux a compilation album by Adam Ant. It is a 15-track bonus disc that only came with the Adam Ant Remastered box set. It features previously unreleased demo versions of songs from his previous albums. It also contains a T. Rex cover version that was demoed in 1996 - Dandy in the Underworld.
Walking on a Rainbow is a debut album by group Blue System released on November 2 1987.Sorry Little Sarah is the only single released from this album.
Wolf Pact is an album by Boyd Rice & Fiends (in this collaboration Douglas P. and Albin Julius).
Wilory Farm is the 1998 album by Terri Hendrix.
The Soul is in the Software is the second full-length album by Icon of Coil; it was released in 2002.
The Meanest of Times is the sixth album by the Dropkick Murphys. It was released on September 18 2007 by their new vanity label Born & Bred Records a division of Cooking Vinyl Records. This is the first album they have released that isn't on Hellcat Records.The picture on the album's cover was taken at Saint Brendan School in Dorchester Massachusetts close to Quincy Massachusetts whence the band hails.
The Celts Strike Again is the second studio album by the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Orthodox Celts released in 1997.
Sequencer released in May 1996 is the second full-length album by the Swedish musical group Covenant. In March 1997 a second edition by the name Sequencer: Beta was released containing an additional track.In the USA the album was released in 1997 on the 21st Circuitry label [1] and again in July 1999 on Metropolis Records [2].
No Place to Fall is the fifth album by pioneer Country rock musician Steve Young this album has more of an Outlaw Country sound.
Gabrielle is British pop artist Gabrielle's self-titled second album. It was released in 1996 and reached number 11 in the UK Albums Chart.
The Shooting Range is a compilation album by American rapper Messy Marv released on August 2010 via Clickclack Records. The first of the Shooting Range series the album features guest appearances from D.O.E. Glasses Malone and The Jacka among others. It peaked on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart at No. 85.
Live @ The Fillmore is Lucinda Williams' eighth album and her first live album. It was released in 2005. Though rated highly for the live performance the album received criticism for only containing album tracks including 11 from her previous album 2003's World Without Tears.
Music from and Inspired by Spider-Man 3 is a soundtrack album to Sam Raimi's 2007 film Spider-Man 3. It was released on May 1 2007. A special edition version is available only on the soundtrack's official website. A digital edition of the album is also in the planning stages with the release date to be announced. The soundtrack's website allows the user to listen to the first song from the soundtrack.
Manhattan Tower was a Patti Page LP album issued by Mercury Records as catalog number MG-20226 in 1956. It is her version of Gordon Jenkins' popular 1948/1956 Manhattan Tower suite.The album was reissued combined with the 1956 Patti Page album You Go to My Head in compact disc format by Sepia Records on September 4 2007.
A Bunch of Stuff is a digital-only EP by the band LCD Soundsystem released on September 18 2007 (2007-09-18). It is a US-only release as all the songs on the EP (except the Franz Ferdinand cover of All My Friends) were included on the Someone Great single which was released in all other territories.
Stories of Johnny is the second studio album by the British singer/songwriter Marc Almond. It was released in 1985 and reached number twenty-two on the UK Albums Chart.
Marcy Playground is the self-titled album by Marcy Playground released on February 25 1997 with EMI. It was reissued later that year on October 7 on Capitol Records with a large amount of promotion for the single Sex and Candy which became the band's breakthrough single spending a then-record 15 weeks at #1 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart during the first few months of 1998. The album also includes the singles St.
Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by American country music artist George Strait released on March 4 1985 by MCA Records. It includes all ten singles from Strait's first three albums. It reached #4 on the Billboard Top Country Albums Chart and is certified 4脳Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
GU10 is a triple CD 10th anniversary release from Global Underground Ltd. celebrating their Global Underground series. Discs 1 and 2 feature tracks from the past ten years whereas the third features tracks produced from earlier. Aside from the standard three CD package there is also a three LP edition as well as a special limited edition which features a bonus unmixed fourth disc.
As Far As I Can See is the first album by pop music band The Zombies since 1991. The lineup includes three of the band's original members: Rod Argent Colin Blunstone and Chris White.
The Art of Falling Apart is the second full-length album by the English synthpop duo Soft Cell released in 1983.The album reached No.
Por El Pasado (Eng:For The Past) is a studio album released by Grupo Bryndis. All Track were composed by the band members.
Songs to Grow On by Woody Guthrie Sung by Jack Elliott is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 1961. It consists of songs for children written or performed by Woody Guthrie.
Love Love Love is the first album by South Korean singer Roy Kim. It was released on June 25 2013.
Outskirts is the 1987 debut album by Blue Rodeo. The single Try was a hit for the band in their native Canada.To mark the 25th anniversary of the album Blue Rodeo released a 2-LP Vinyl remixed edition called Outskirts Remix on November 27 2012.
Automatic is a sexy punk rock/hardcore punk CD released by the band The Stitches.
The Video Collection is the name of a music video DVD compilation by popular Greek singer Anna Vissi released by Sony Music in 2001 in Greece and Australia. The DVD contains music videos from Anna Vissi's songs.
Turtleneck & Chain is the second studio album of the American comedy troupe The Lonely Island whose members are Andy Samberg Akiva Schaffer and Jorma Taccone. The album was released May 10 2011 on Universal Republic Records. Turtleneck & Chain has been nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.
鈽嗏槅鈽 (Mitsuboshi) (鈽嗏槅鈽(銇裤仱銇笺仐) lit. Three Stars) is Koharu Kusumi's first album as Kirari Tsukishima starring Koharu Kusumi (Morning Musume) (鏈堝扯銇嶃倝銈 starring 涔呬綇灏忔槬(銉銉笺儖銉炽偘濞樸)). The album was released on February 28 2007 in both limited (EPCE-5456) and regular (EPCE-5457) editions.
11Live: Jars of Clay in Concert is a concert video DVD recorded and released by Jars of Clay's tour in support of their studio album The Eleventh Hour. The audio version of the tracks from the concert DVD appear on disc two of Furthermore: From the Studio From the Stage with the exception of Love Song for a Savior Unforgetful You The Edge of Water and Collide while the songs This Road and The Eleventh Hour are both omitted from this DVD release.
Zerre is the fifth studio album of Replikas released in November 2008 with Peyote Music.In order to capture huge and organic sounds not found in a normal studio the band went to Gokceada (an island in the Aegean Sea) and transformed a former prison into a recording studio. Production recording and mix processes were carried out by Metin Bozkurt and Replikas members and mastering was done by Kim Rosen in New York鈥檚 West West Side Studios.
Live at the Hollywood Bowl is the first full-concert DVD by Ben Harper & the Innocent Criminals. Recorded August 4 2003 in Hollywood California it features a 15-song show along with several extra music videos that Harper recorded. Released alongside this DVD was an EP of four or seven songs from the event.
A Death-Grip On Yesterday is the third studio album from American metalcore quintet Atreyu. It was released on March 28 2006 through Victory Records.It was leaked onto P2P and BitTorrent sites on February 24 over a month before its official release. A week after its release it had sold more than 69000 copies and started out at #9 on the Billboard 200.
You Say We Say is the second studio album by Irish alternative rock band Royseven. It was released in Ireland on 11 March 2011. It was preceded by the lead single Killer on 19 November 2010 and followed by second single We Should Be Lovers on 19 February 2011. We Should Be Lovers went on to become the most played Irish song on radio in 2011 beating rivals Westlife The Script and Snow Patrol.The album was produced by Andreas Herbig at Boogie Park Studios in Hamburg Germany.
Down South is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson released in 1984.It has been reissued on CD by Rykodisc and Sugar Hill.
When Ice Met Cream is an EP released by The Brunettes. It was released 2005 on Lil' Chief Records.
Awaz (Urdu: 丌賵丕夭 translation: voice) is the first album released by Pakistani pop musical group Awaz. The album was released in 1993 by EMI. Haroon and Fakhir as the lead performers the album took the Pakistani pop scene by storm and set new standards for the emerging and youthful pop singing fraternity.
Whales and Leeches is the third album by the American stoner metal band Red Fang released in 2013 on Relapse Records.
Built With Hate is an album by the band Scraper released on Household Name Records on August 5 1996. The first 500 were released on 10 blue vinyl.
Garage Inc. is a cover/compilation album by the American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released on November 23 1998 through Elektra Records. Over 2.5 million copies have been sold in the U.S. as certified by the RIAA[citation needed]. It includes cover songs B-side covers and the The $5.98 E.P.: Garage Days Re-Revisited which had gone out of print since its original release in 1987.
Viscera is a 2004 album by God Module.
The End of This Chapter is the name of Sonata Arctica's first compilation album named after the track (taken from their album Silence). It was released in August 2005 in Japan but European release dates indicate May 3 2006.
Covered A Revolution in Sound is a tribute album produced and released by Warner Bros. Records to commemorate its 50th anniversary as a record label. The album consists of some of the greatest hits from previous and current artists from the late 20th century while the songs featured on the album themselves are performed by current artists that are signed to Warner Bros. Records.
Soul Shack is an album by American saxophonist Sonny Stitt and organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1963 and issued on Prestige. If Primitivo Soul! recorded in December of the same year features mostly Latin-influenced jazz Soul Shack features strong blues influences.
Out (In Essence) is the live album by British electronica group Fluke first released in 1991.
Tsunami is an album released in 1999. It contains ten tracks picked by Tsunami Tranceport and was released under the Kinetic Label.
Las Maquinas de la Muerte is the third studio album by Polish rock/rapcore band Kazik Na 呕ywo. It was released in April 1999 in Poland through S.P. Records (CD and MC version). The album was recorded in 1998 Warsaw.
Pnau is the third album by Australian dance music duo Pnau. The album was released in 2007 on the independent record label etcetc in Australia and on the independent record label Pnau Records and Tapes on LP in the UK in 2009. The album peaked at 31 on Australian charts and was featured at number 89 on the Triple J Hottest 100 Albums of All Time.The album is considered significant for the band in several regards.
Live Disorder is the first EP by Thrash metal band Criminal. It was released on the BMG label in 1996.
iTunes Originals 鈥 Red Hot Chili Peppers is a virtual album by Red Hot Chili Peppers which was released only on the iTunes Store as part of the iTunes Originals series of digital albums. It features live versions of the band playing some of their more famous songs as well as featuring the band themselves talking about their careers. It comprises videos of their live performances for the iTunes Originals as well as interviews about their careers featuring the members of the band and Rick Rubin.
Lawbreaker is the second album by heavy metal band Metal Law.
Dirty Bomb is the first album by KGC a collaborative project between Sascha Konietzko Dean Garcia and Lucia Cifarelli released in 2006.
TP is the debut album by NBA star Tony Parker. The album was released in 2007 for Music One and was recorded only in the French language.
Serndhu Polama (English: Shall We Go Together?) is an upcoming Tamil romantic musical film directed and filmed by Anil Kumar produced by Sasi Nambeesan and written by Ravi Mathew. The film stars Vinay Preethi Christina Paul and Madhurima.
In the Heart of the Sea (also known as Heart of the Sea) is an upcoming drama film directed by Ron Howard. The film stars Chris Hemsworth Cillian Murphy and Tom Holland. It is based on Nathaniel Philbrick's 2000 book In the Heart of the Sea about the sinking of the whaleship Essex. The film is scheduled for release on March 15 2015.
Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (English: Darling Would You Like To Eat a Laddu?) is a 2013 Indian Tamil comedy film directed by Manikandan. It stars Santhanam Srinivasan Sethu and Vishakha Singh. The film marked Santhanam's venture into film production with his Handmade Films. The film was co-produced by Rama Narayanan while S. Thaman scored the film soundtrack. The plot revolves around three friends who fall for the same girl who has just moved into their neighborhood.
Let's Do It Again is a 1975 film starring Sidney Poitier Bill Cosby and Jimmie Walker plus an all star black cast. The film directed by Poitier is about blue-collar workers who decide to rig a boxing match to raise money for their fraternal lodge.
Angoor is a 1982 Bollywood Hindi comedy film. It is based on Shakespeare's play The Comedy of Errors. All characters are innocent and destiny plays the main role in bring all characters at one place. Most of the other films are generally based on false characters and deliberately make false statements to fool others.
The Grand Babylon Hotel is a 1916 British silent thriller film directed by Frank Wilson and starring Fred Wright Marguerite Blanche and Gerald Lawrence. It is an adaptation of the 1902 novel of the same title by Arnold Bennett.
Freckled Max and the Spooks (original: Pehav媒 Max a stra拧idl谩) is a recut of the series Frankenstein's Aunt into a 96 minute film.
Dead Man Down (2013) is an American neo-noir crime thriller film written by J.H. Wyman and directed by Danish director Niels Arden Oplev. The film stars Colin Farrell Noomi Rapace Dominic Cooper and Terrence Howard and was released on March 8 2013. This is Oplev's first film since The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (2009) also starring Rapace and scored by Jacob Groth.
Jai Karoli Maa is an Indian movie directed by Ram Pahlwa which was released in 1988. The movie is based on the religious theme based on Karoli Maa of Hindu religion.
Antti the Treebranch (Finnish: Antti Puuhaara) is a 1976 Finnish drama film directed by Katariina Lahti Heikki Partanen and Riitta Rautoma. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
Canciones de amor en Lolita's Club (English: Lolita鈥檚 Club) is a 2007 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda. It stars Eduardo Noriega and Flora Mart铆nez. The plot follows the story of twin brothers one is a coldhearted violent police officer the other is a helpless romantic with a mental disability. The two brothers are tragically involved with a prostitute who works in the bordello that gives the film its title.
Walk Softly Stranger is a 1950 film starring Joseph Cotten and Alida Valli directed by Robert Stevenson. It tells the story of a small-time crook on the run who later becomes reformed by the love of a crippled woman.This would be the last RKO credit for famed producer Dore Schary who would leave the studio soon after the film's completion. Privately Schary did not see eye to eye with RKO owner Howard Hughes.Filming ended in June 1948 but Hughes later shelved the film.
Aram is a 2013 Malayalam horror film written directed and produced by Reji Nair and distributed by Focus Films. Nair makes the debut as a producer by his own banner Focus Films. This film mainly focuses on value of relationship telling the story of two girls. Aram tries to explore their relationship and the happenings during their recent meeting on a new year day. Aram narrates in a horror driven manner and with a lot of unanticipated twists. Ousepachan gives music to its beautiful songs.
Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British zombie comedy film directed by Edgar Wright and written by Wright and Simon Pegg and starring Pegg and Nick Frost. Pegg plays Shaun a man attempting to get some kind of focus in his life as he deals with his girlfriend his mother and stepfather. At the same time he has to cope with an apocalyptic uprising of zombies.The film was a critical and commercial success in the UK and the US.
Do Yaar is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Kewal Misra. The film stars Vinod Khanna Rekha and Shatrughan Sinha. The film was later remade in Telugu as Iddaru Iddare (1976) starring Shobhan Babu Krishnam Raju Manjula and Chandrakala. It was also remade in Tamil as Kuppathu Raja (1979) with Rajinikanth Vijayakumar and Manjula.
A besz茅l艖 k枚nt枚s is a Hungarian film that was shot partially in colour and directed by G茅za Radv谩nyi. It was produced in 1941. It was based on K谩lm谩n Miksz谩th鈥檚 novel on the same title. It was the first Hungarian film where outdoor scenes were made with Agfacolor colour technology.
Amar te duele (can be interpreted as both Loving You Hurts and Loving Hurts You) is a 2002 dramatic film written by Carolina Rivera and directed by Fernando Sari帽ana. It is based on the classic play 鈥淩omeo and Juliet鈥 by William Shakespeare. In the story both families hate each other because they belong to different social classes. This movie offers various archetypes of urban and modern youth in Mexico within a story about sexual attraction and adolescent idealism.
Priyappetta Nattukare (Malayalam: 啻嗟嵿窗啻苦疮啻嗟嵿椽嗟嗋礋嗟嵿礋 啻ㄠ淳啻熰祶啻熰祦啻曕淳啻班祰) is a 2011 Malayalam political thriller film directed by debutant Sreejith Palery starring Kalabhavan Mani Bala and Lakshmi Sharma in the lead roles.
Storm over Wyoming is a 1950 Western film.
La Jet茅e (French pronunciation: 鈥媅la 蕭蓹te 蕭te] The Jetty) is a 1962 French science fiction featurette by Chris Marker. Constructed almost entirely from still photos it tells the story of a post-nuclear war experiment in time travel. It's 28 mins long black and white. It won the Prix Jean Vigo for short film.The 1995 science fiction film 12 Monkeys was inspired by and borrows several concepts directly from La Jet茅e.
You Are Not Alone (Danish: Du er ikke alene) is a 1978 Danish coming-of-age film written by Lasse Nielsen and Bent Petersen directed by Lasse Nielsen and Ernst Johansen and produced by Steen Herdel.
God's Step Children is a 1938 American drama film directed by Oscar Micheaux and starring Jacqueline Lewis. The movie is inspired by a combination of elements shared from two previous released Hollywood productions: Imitation of Life and These Three.
The Roly Poly Man is a 1994 Australian feature film.
Boulevard du Rhum also known as Rum Runners is a 1971 French-Italian-Spanish adventure film directed by Robert Enrico and produced by Alain Poir茅. It is based on Jacques Pecheral's novel of the same name. It stars Brigitte Bardot and Lino Ventura and was released in France on 13 October 1971.
The Elusive Summer of '68 (Serbian: 袙邪褉褭懈胁芯 谢械褌芯 '68) is a 1984 Yugoslav film directed by Goran Paskaljevi膰.
The Space Movie is a documentary film produced in 1979 by Tony Palmer at the request of NASA to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing.The 78 minute film was released theatrically in 1980 on VHS in 1983 and on DVD in 2007. Richard Branson and Simon Draper's Virgin Films produced the film.
Badnam Basti is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Prem Kapoor. The film stars Nitin Sethi and Nadita Thakur.
Johanna is a 2005 Hungarian musical film directed by Korn茅l Mundrucz贸. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.The plot of the film is a retelling of story of Joan of Arc set in a hospital. The musical character of the film is operatic with the characters speaking entirely in song with two main characters being dubbed by singers.
Little Buddha is a 1993 Italian-French-British drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Chris Isaak Bridget Fonda and Keanu Reeves as Prince Siddhartha (the Buddha before his enlightenment). Produced by Bertolucci's usual collaborator Jeremy Thomas it marked the team's return to the East after The Last Emperor.
The Dawn of Understanding is a lost 1918 silent film comedy western produced by The Vitagraph Company of America and starring Bessie Love. It is based on the short story The Judgement of Bolinas Plain and the play Sue by 19th century western writer Bret Harte.
One Night Surprise (Chinese: 涓澶滄儕鍠) is a 2013 romantic-comedy film directed and written by Eva Jin and starring Fan Bingbing Aarif Rahman Pace Wu Jiang Jinfu and Daniel Henney.
Mimic 2 is a 2001 science fiction horror film directed by Jean de Segonzac with a script inspired by a short story of the same name by Donald A. Wollheim. The movie was a direct-to-DVD sequel to Mimic (1997) and was followed by Mimic 3: Sentinel (2003).The thriller stars long-time film veteran Edward Albert along with Alix Koromzay (returning from the original film) Bruno Campos and Jon Polito.
Yuvvraaj is a 2008 Indian film directed and produced by Subhash Ghai. The film stars Anil Kapoor Salman Khan Zayed Khan and Katrina Kaif in the lead roles and is inspired from Hollywood film Rain Man (1988). Yuvvraaj is a musical story of a fragmented family of three brothers who try to con each other to inherit their father's wealth. According to the director the film is about the arrogance and overconfidence of contemporary youth.
The West Point Story (also known as Fine and Dandy) is a 1950 musical comedy film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring James Cagney Virginia Mayo and Doris Day.
Melanie is a 1982 Canadian film starring Glynnis O'Connor Burton Cummings and Don Johnson.
Pelleedu Pillalu (Telugu: 喟啾嗋俺啾嵿俺啾喟∴眮 喟喟苦安啾嵿安喟侧眮) is a Telugu drama film released in 1982 and directed by Bapu. Suresh Vijayashanti play the lead in this film with Sangeetha Sarath Babu Sumalatha and J.V. Somayajulu in the support cast. M.S. Viswanatham scored the music while the lyrics were written by Sri Sri and Aathreya.Actor Suresh was introduced to the Telugu screen through this film.
Cama adentro (English: Live-in Maid) is a 2004 Argentine and Spanish drama film written and directed by Jorge Gaggero. In Spain it is also known as Se帽ora Beba. It was executive produced by Aqua Films' Ver贸nica Cura. The picture features Norma Aleandro Norma Argentina among others.The drama is set in Buenos Aires during the early 2000s economic crisis.
Angus Thongs and Perfect Snogging is a 2008 British coming-of-age film co-written and directed by Gurinder Chadha. The film's lead is played by Georgia Groome with Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Karen Taylor amongst the supporting cast. The story is based on two teenage novels by Louise Rennison: Angus Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging and It's OK I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers.
The Other Side of Paradise is a 1992 mini series about a doctor who goes to the Cook Islands.
Andalusia: Revenge of the Goddess (銈銉炽儉銉銈枫偄 濂崇炪伄鍫卞京 Andarushia Megami no H艒fuku) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Hiroshi Nishitani.
To Hell with the Kaiser! is a lost 1918 silent war propaganda comedy film produced by Screen Classics Productions and distributed by Metro Pictures. It was directed by George Irving and starred Lawrence Grant as the Kaiser.Made toward the close of World War I this film falls in line with other films of this popular genre the wartime propaganda film made at the same time i.e.
The Death of Adolf Hitler was a 1973 British television film starring Frank Finlay as Adolf Hitler and Caroline Mortimer as Eva Braun. The film details the last 10 days of Hitler's life as World War II comes to an end and Allied troops are closing in on the F眉hrerbunker. Michael Sheard (who played Himmler) and Tony Steedman (who played Gen. Jodl) would play the same roles in U.S. television film The Bunker in 1981.Finlay won a British Academy Television Award for Best Actor for his performance.
Sweeney 2 is a 1978 film made following the success of the 1977 film Sweeney! which was a spin-off from the popular British TV show The Sweeney. Some of the action is transferred from the usual London setting to Malta. Denholm Elliot appears as a corrupt ex-officer who asks his former subordinates to take down a gang of armed bank robbers. Nigel Hawthorne appears as a bureaucratic superior officer taking a role similar to that usually played by Garfield Morgan in the television episodes.
Me Myself I is a 2000 Australian comedy film. It was the first feature film by director Pip Karmel and was released and reviewed internationally.
Holiday in Mexico is a 1946 Technicolor musical directed by George Sidney starring Walter Pidgeon Jane Powell and Ilona Massey.
How to Draw a Perfect Circle (Portuguese: Como Desenhar um C铆rculo Perfeito) is a 2009 Portuguese drama film directed by Marco Martins and starring Rafael Morais Daniel Duval Joana Verona Beatriz Batarda and Albano Jeronimo. Its plot revolves around a young man who falls deeply in love with his sister.
Chinese Roulette (German: Chinesisches Roulette) is a 1976 West German film written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. It stars Margit Carstensen Ulli Lommel and Anna Karina. The film a bleak psychological drama climaxes with a truth-guessing game which gives the film its title. The plot follows a bourgeois married couple whose infidelities are exposed by their disabled child.
Gandhari is a 1993 Malayalam film directed by Sunil. The film stars Madhavi and Siddique in the lead roles.The film tells the story of a woman who wants to take revenge on the people who has once molested her.
Naughty Dallas is an American film about a small town girl who arrives in Dallas determined to become a stripper.It was claimed this movie was partly shot in Jack Ruby's nightclub but this has been discounted. There was also a rumour Buchanan shot footage of Jack Ruby.
Business Trip is an upcoming comedy film directed by Ken Scott and written by Steven Conrad. The stars are Vince Vaughn Dave Franco Tom Wilkinson Sienna Miller and June Diane Raphael.
Premier rendez-vous (US title: Her First Affair) is a 1941 French comedy film starring Danielle Darrieux. It was directed by Henri Decoin who co-wrote the screenplay with Michel Duran. During the Nazi occupation the film was made by Continental Films at Paris Studios Cin茅ma.
The Power of Right is a 1919 British silent war film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring James Knight Evelyn Boucher and Frank Petley. The film had strong similarities to The Warrior Strain also featuring the Prince of Wales and directed by Thornton.
A Happy Divorce (Danish: En lykkelig skilsmisse French: Un divorce heureux) is a 1975 Danish-French drama film directed by Henning Carlsen. It was entered into the 1975 Cannes Film Festival.
For the song by 3 Doors Down see Citizen/Soldier.Citizen Soldier is a 1976 drama film directed by Michael Elsey and starring Dean Stockwell. The film follows a suicidal Vietnam War veteran who finds happiness in a young actress. It was distributed by Troma Entertainment.
Before I forget (French: Avant que j'oublie) is a 2007 French drama film directed written and starred in by Jacques Nolot. The film portrays the life of an aging gay man who was a hustler in his youth confronting old age an empty life and a reversal of paying for sex.
Chiefs is a television miniseries based upon the novel of the same name by Stuart Woods. It was first broadcast on CBS over three nights in November 1983. It was directed by Jerry London and stars Charlton Heston Keith Carradine Stephen Collins Danny Glover Wayne Rogers and Billy Dee Williams. It received three Emmy Award nominations and one Eddie Award nomination.
Stanley and Stella in: Breaking the Ice also known as Love Found is a 1987 computer animated short film.
Manakanakku is a Tamil language film starring Vijayakanth Sarath Babu Rajesh Ambika and Radha in the lead roles. Kamal Hassan comeos as a film director in which Vijayakanth works as the cinematographer.this was the only film where both the sisters did not engage dubbing artists.
Weary Willie's Rags is a 1914 American silent film featuring Oliver Hardy.
Gopi Gopika Godavari is a Telugu-language film released on 10 July 2009. The film starring Kamalinee Mukherjee Venu Thottempudi Krishna Bhagavan and Sana was directed by Vamsy.
Dragon's Gold is a 1954 film.
Le Ch芒teau de verre (English title: The Glass Castle) is a 1950 French language motion picture romantic drama directed by Ren茅 Cl茅ment who co-wrote the screenplay with Gian Bistolfi and Pierre Bost based on the novel Sait-on jamais by Vicki Baum. The film stars Mich猫le Morgan and Jean Marais Jean Servais (French version) Fosco Giachetti (Italian version) and Elisa Cegani.
Changing Love is a 1972 Hong Kong film.
The Devil's Own is a 1997 American action thriller movie starring Harrison Ford Brad Pitt Rub茅n Blades Natascha McElhone Julia Stiles and Treat Williams. It was the final film directed by Alan J. Pakula. A member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army comes to the United States in order to obtain anti-aircraft missiles to be used to shoot down British helicopters in Northern Ireland. The plan is thwarted by an Irish-American policeman.
Aankhen (Hindi: 啶嗋佮栢囙 Urdu: 丌賳讴诰蹖诤 translation: Eyes) is a 2002 Bollywood heist thriller dramafilm directed by debutant Vipul Amrutlal Shah and starring an ensemble cast of Amitabh Bachchan Akshay Kumar Arjun Rampal Paresh Rawal and Sushmita Sen in the lead roles while Bipasha Basu and Kashmira Shah appear in cameos.
Peace on Earth is a one-reel 1939 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon short directed by Hugh Harman about a post-apocalyptic world populated only by animals.Two young squirrels ask their grandfather (Voiced by Mel Blanc-uncredited) on Christmas Eve who the men are in the lyric Peace on Earth good will to men. The grandfather squirrel then tells them a history of the human race focusing on the never-ending wars men waged.
Days of Being Wild (Aa Fei zingzyun) is a 1990 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai. The film stars some of the best-known actors and actresses in Hong Kong including Leslie Cheung Andy Lau Maggie Cheung Carina Lau Jacky Cheung and Tony Leung Chiu-Wai.
Sic 'Em Towser is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It is believed to be lost.
El verdugo de Sevilla (The Executioner of Seville) is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Sara Garc铆a and Fernando Soler.
A Lesson in History (Russian: 校褉芯泻 懈褋褌芯褉懈懈 Bulgarian: 校褉芯泻褗褌 薪邪 懈褋褌芯褉懈褟褌邪) is a 1957 joint Soviet-Bulgarian film directed by Lev Arnshtam and Hristo Piskov about Georgi Dimitrov and Leipzig Trial.
Leprechaun is a 1993 American horror comedy film written and directed by Mark Jones starring Warwick Davis as the Leprechaun and Jennifer Aniston in her first feature film role as Tory Redding. The film was shot in Saugus California.
The Crisscross Shadow is Volume 32 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Richard Cohen in 1953. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
The Civilizing Process is a book by German sociologist Norbert Elias. It is an influential work in sociology and Elias' most important work. It was first published in two volumes in 1939 in German as 脺ber den Proze脽 der Zivilisation. Because of World War II it was virtually ignored but gained popularity when it was republished in 1969 and translated into English.
Urban was a Danish free daily newspaper owned by Det Berlingske Officin. It was launched on September 24 2001 shortly after the competing free daily MetroXpress (the Danish edition of the Metro newspaper). Circulation in second half of 2008 was 196752. It closed on January 12 2012.
Spike is a comic book series published by IDW Publishing. Written by Brian Lynch it focuses on the character of Spike a main character in television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off Angel. Uniquely although this is a spin-off from IDW's larger Angel: After the Fall franchise it also serves as a prequel to Dark Horse Comics' own Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight comic book series. As such it is canon to the overall Buffyverse in which stories take place.
Gli Indifferenti (Times of Indifference) is a novel by Alberto Moravia published in 1929.
Conan the Valiant is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1988; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1989 and was reprinted in July 2000.
Etemaad (丕毓鬲賲丕丿 in Persian) is a reformist newspaper in Iran that is published in Tehran. It is managed by Elias Hazrati who was representative from Rasht and Tehran in the Parliament of Iran. Etemaad translates to trust in Persian.
The Secret Servant is a 2007 spy novel by Daniel Silva.
A Marcha das Utopias is a Portuguese language novel by Brazilian author Oswald de Andrade. It was first published in 1953.
The Long Pursuit is a 1967 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about the escape of a group of survivors from the Battle of Singapore in World War II.
8 N毛ntori is a newspaper published in Albania.
The Via Veneto Papers is a memoir collection by Ennio Flaiano originally published in Italian in 1973 with a new expanded edition by Rizzoli in 1989 and translated into English by John Satriano in 1992.
Uncle Vanya (Russian: 袛褟写褟 袙邪薪褟 鈥 Dyadya Vanya) is a play by the Russian playwright Anton Chekhov. It was first published in 1897 and received its Moscow premi猫re in 1899 in a production by the Moscow Art Theatre under the direction of Konstantin Stanislavski.The play portrays the visit of an elderly professor and his glamorous much younger second wife Yel茅na to the rural estate that supports their urban lifestyle.
The Navajo People and Uranium Mining (2006) is a non-fiction book edited by Doug Brugge Timothy Benally and Esther Yazzie-Lewis; it uses oral histories to tell the stories of Navajo Nation families and miners in the uranium mining industry. The foreword is written by Stewart L. Udall former U.S. Secretary of the Interior.The Navajo People and Uranium Mining has 12 chapters. Seven chapters contain stories of the Navajo told through interviews of the miners or their families.
Barlowe's Guide to Fantasy is a 1996 fantasy book by artist Wayne Barlowe. A companion to his earlier book Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials it contains his visualizations of different beings from various works of fantasy. The foreword is by John Silbersack then editor-in-chief at HarperPrism. The interior text is by Neil Duskis.
The Reprieve (French: Le sursis) is a 1947 novel by Jean-Paul Sartre.It is the second part in the trilogy The Roads to Freedom. It concerns life in France during the eight days before the signing of the Munich Agreement and the subsequent takeover of Czechoslovakia in September 1938.
Asana Journal is the first and only international Yoga magazine published from India both in English and Tamil focusing on Yoga Naturopathy and wellbeing.
The African Journal of Biotechnology is an open access scientific journal that covers research in all areas of applied biochemistry industrial microbiology molecular biology genomics and proteomics food and agricultural technologies and metabolic engineering.
The Magazine of American History was first established in January 1877 by Martha Joanna Lamb Nathan Gillett Pond and John Austin Stevens with the long title The Magazine of American History with Notes and Queries. It was issued monthly. The first seven volumes were published by the A. S. Barnes Company of New York and Chicago volumes 8 through 28 by the Historical Publication Co. and after Mrs.
The Dogs of Riga (Swedish: Hundarna i Riga) is a Swedish detective mystery by Henning Mankell set in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is the second book of the Kurt Wallander series and was translated into English by Laurie Thompson.
This is about the novel for Forrest House see Melbourne High SchoolThe Forest House is a fantasy novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Diana L. Paxson though the latter is uncredited by the publisher. It is a prequel to her best-selling Arthurian novel The Mists of Avalon.The plot of The Forest House is based on that of the opera Norma relocated from Gaul to Britain but sharing the basic plot outline of a love affair between a Druidic priestess and a Roman officer.
Saint Seiya - Saintia Sh艒 (鑱栭棙澹鏄熺煝銉汇偦銈ゃ兂銉嗐偅銈㈢繑 Seinto Seiya - Seintia Sh艒) is a manga series by Chimaki Kuori a spin-off of the classic Saint Seiya manga created written and illustrated by Masami Kurumada.Kuori is known by her work on the manga adaptation of the Gundam Wing anime and in the Kimi no Kaeru Bash艒 manga series. Saintia Sh艒 has been scheduled to start serialization in september 2013 its prologue will be featured in that month's issue of Akita Shoten's Champion Red magazine.
The Fate of the Children will be the final trilogy in Ian Irvine's The Three Worlds Cycle series of novels.The trilogy follows the events of The View from the Mirror chronicling the story of the children of both Karan and Maigraith.
Zodiac is a non-fiction book written by Robert Graysmith about the unsolved serial murders committed by the Zodiac Killer in San Francisco in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Since its initial release in 1986 Zodiac has sold 4 million copies worldwide. Graysmith was a cartoonist for the San Francisco Chronicle and later also wrote Zodiac Unmasked.
Blue Moon Rising is a fantasy novel by British author Simon R. Green. The first in a series of four books in the Forest Kingdom series with the main protagonists appearing in six books in the Hawk & Fisher series by Green.The book had a troubled launch with many publishers rejecting Green before being published by Roc. The book became Green's first bestseller.As with other Green books it is written in a style which combines dramatic storytelling with plenty of wry humour and light relief.
Yonie Wondernose is a 1944 picture book by Marguerite de Angeli who would later win the Newbery Medal for The Door in the Wall. Sometimes described as an Amish Curious George the book was to win the Caldecott Honor citation. As with many of de Angeli's books it was how she expressed her interest in little-known and prejudged people.
Because of Winn-Dixie is a children's novel written by Kate DiCamillo which was published in 2000 and the winner of a Newbery Honor distinction the following year. In 2000 the book won the Josette Frank Award and in 2003 won the Mark Twain Award. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children. It was one of the Top 100 Chapter Books of all time in a 2012 poll by School Library Journal.
Knowledge and Human Interests (German: Erkenntnis und Interesse) is a 1968 book by the German philosopher J眉rgen Habermas. The work was first published in English translation in 1972 by Heinemann Educational Books.
Amtix! magazine was as its subtitle stated a monthly software review for the Amstrad computers. Published by Newsfield Publications Ltd in the mid eighties.
The Bermuda Sun is a Bermudian newspaper published on Wednesdays and Fridays.Covering a wide range of topics including news sports business and lifestyle it also publishes the Government of Bermuda's legal notices.
Resurrection is a Forgotten Realms fantasy novel by Paul S. Kemp and R. A. Salvatore. It is the sixth book of the War of the Spider Queen hexology.
Cat Street (銈銉ｃ儍銉堛偣銉堛儶銉笺儓 Kyatto Sutor墨to) is a sh艒jo manga series written and illustrated by Yoko Kamio. It was serialized by Shueisha in Bessatsu Margaret from August 2004 and October 2007 and collected in eight bound volumes.It was adapted as a six-episode live-action drama broadcast on NHK between August 28 and October 1 2008.
Maske: Thaery is a 1976 science fiction novel by Jack Vance set in his Gaean Reach milieu.
A.M. Journal Express was a short-lived free daily newspaper in Dallas Texas owned by American Consolidated Media. In its six-month life span it lost under $5 million according to company chairman Jeremy Halbreich.[citation needed] The paper started on November 12 2003 and closed on April 30 2004. When plans for the A.M. Journal Express were revealed in September 2003 The Dallas Morning News publisher A. H.
The World Beyond the Hill: Science Fiction and the Quest for Transcendence is a book about the history of science fiction written by Alexei Panshin and Cory Panshin. It took them about ten years to research and write though they had made earlier attempts at writing a book on the genre.It was first published in hardcover by Jeremy P.
The Paladin is a 1988 fantasy novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was published by Baen Books and was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1989. The book features no actual magic or supernatural occurrences and as such it can be considered an example of the Low Fantasy subgenre of fantasy fiction. It takes place in a fictional country clearly modeled upon (but by no means identical with) China of the Tang Dynasty.
The Lawyer is a weekly British magazine for top Commercial Lawyers and In-House Counsel first published in 1981. It is owned by Centaur Media plc. Each year the magazine publishes a list of Europe's top 100 law firms (excluding the United Kingdom).
Haguregumo (娴娴闆 literally Wandering Cloud) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by George Akiyama. It has been serialized by Shogakukan in Big Comic Original since 1973 and collected in 102 tank艒bon as of 2014. Haguregumo received the 1979 Shogakukan Manga Award for general category.It was adapted into a movie in 1982 by Madhouse Studios and Toei Animation. Directed by Mori Masaki it premiered in Japan on the 24 April 1982.
Arrow to the Sun is a 1973 short film and a 1974 book both by Gerald McDermott. The book was printed in gouache and ink and won the 1975 Caldecott Medal for illustration. Both media are a retelling of a Pueblo tale in which a mysterious boy seeks his father.
The Grand Design is a popular-science book written by physicists Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinow and published by Bantam Books in 2010. It argues that invoking God is not necessary to explain the origins of the universe and that the Big Bang is a consequence of the laws of physics alone.
Bloodrush is a thriller novel written by Hugh Zachary. First published in the USA by Nordon Publications Inc. in 1981 it was later published in the UK by Ace/Shropshire Books in 1983.
Otherness (1994) is an anthology of science fiction short stories by David Brin. Interspersed in the book are notes on some stories and other short articles by Brin.
Thinks ... (2001) is a novel by British author David Lodge.
The Massachusetts Spy (est.1770) was a newspaper published by Isaiah Thomas in Boston and Worcester Massachusetts in the 18th century.It was a heavily political weekly paper that was constantly on the verge of being suppressed by the Royalist government from the time of its establishment in 1770 to 1776 during the runup to the American Revolution.
The Cat from Hell is a short story by Stephen King. King initially published the first 500 words of the story in March 1977 in Cavalier and the magazine held a contest for readers to finish the story. The winning entry as well as King's complete story was published in the magazine in June of the same year. It also appeared in Gent Vol. 18 #6 (December 1977) credited to King and Marc Rains.
May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso (Heartless Love) was a 1921 Tagalog-language novel written by renowned Filipino poet journalist and novelist I帽igo Ed. Regalado. A story of romance the novel revolves around love marriage adultery unfaithfulness treachery hatred disowning and forgiveness. May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso was one of the novels Regalado had written during the Golden Age of the Tagalog Novel (1905-1935).
Zia is the sequel to the award-winning Island of the Blue Dolphins by Scott O'Dell. It was published in 1976 sixteen years after the publication of the first novel.
Thrilling Cities is the title of a travelogue by the James Bond author and The Sunday Times journalist Ian Fleming. The book was first published in the UK in November 1963 by Jonathan Cape. The cities covered by Fleming were Hong Kong Macau Tokyo Honolulu Los Angeles Las Vegas Chicago New York Hamburg Berlin Vienna Geneva Naples and Monte Carlo.Thrilling Cities was initially a series of articles Fleming wrote for The Sunday Times based on two trips he took.
The Iron Dream is a metafictional 1972 alternate history novel by Norman Spinrad.The book has a nested narrative that tells a story within a story. On the surface the novel presents an unexceptional pulp post-apocalypse science fiction action tale entitled Lord of the Swastika.
The Paper & Printing Trades Journal was one of the first trade publications for the printing and publishing industries. Launched in 1872 by the London firm of Field & Tuer under the imprint Ye Leadenhalle Workes (later the Leadenhall Press) it was edited for many years by Andrew White Tuer and his assistant Robert Hilton.
The Faith Healers is a 1987 book by magician and skeptic James Randi with a foreword by Carl Sagan that documents Randi's exploration of the world of faith healing and his exposing the sleight of hand trickery and deceit by its practitioners.In eighteen chapters Randi explores the origins of faith healing and psychic surgery and critically analyzes the claims made by AA Allen Ernest Angley WV Grant Peter Popoff Oral Roberts Pat Robertson and Father DiOrio for his claims of miracles at the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes in the town of Lourdes.
The Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal that has been published continually since 1934 by the Mount Sinai Hospital New York later by the Mount Sinai School of Medicine.The journal is issued six times a year and contains clinical articles from all medical disciplines.
Avatar is a novel by John Passarella set in the fictional universe of the U.S. television series Angel.
The Amherst Citizen is a weekly newspaper serving Cumberland County Nova Scotia. It has a circulation of under 3828. Its sister weekly publication is the Springhill Record.
Before I Go to Sleep is the first novel by S. J. Watson published in Spring 2011. It became both a Sunday Times and New York Times bestseller and has been translated into over 30 languages and has become a bestseller in France Canada Bulgaria and the Netherlands. It reached number 7 on the US bestseller list the highest position for a debut novel by a British author since J. K. Rowling. The New York Times described the author as an out-of-nowhere literary sensation.
The Overloaded Man is a collection of stories by J. G. Ballard first published in 1967 as a paperback by Panther Books.
Every You Every Me is a 2011 novel by the American author David Levithan. The book consists of photographs by Jonathan Farmer and corresponding text by Levithan.
Primary Health Care is a professional magazine published 10 times a year by the Royal College of Nursing. It publishes news features and clinical articles relevant to the practice of community health nursing in the United Kingdom. It is available in print or digital format.The magazine was established in 1982. It is indexed by the British Nursing Index and CINAHL and available through most online aggregators as well as from the publisher.
Beast Master (銉撱兗銈广儓銉炪偣銈 B墨suto Masut膩) is a sh艒jo romantic comedy manga by Kyousuke Motomi. It is published in Japan by Shogakukan in Betsucomi and is collected in two tank艒bon volumes. It is licensed by Viz Media. This series is about an animal lover and a childish young man who has problems adapting because everyone considered him a beast.
Mouryou Kiden: Legend of the Nymph (榄嶉瓗濮浼 M艒ry艒 Kiden) is a manga by Tamayo Akiyama a former member of the all-female Japanese manga artist group Clamp.
John Paul George Ringo 鈥 and Bert is a 1974 musical by Willy Russell based on the story of The Beatles. It premiered at the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool in May 1974 where it ran for eight weeks and later moved to the Lyric Theatre in London in August 1974 where it ran for a year and was later named Best Musical of 1974 by the Evening Standard and London Critics' awards. It featured the music of the Beatles performed by Barbara Dickson.
Reinventing Fire: Bold Business Solutions for the New Energy Era is a 2011 book by Amory B. Lovins and the Rocky Mountain Institute that explores converting the United States to almost total reliance on renewable energy sources such as solar energy and wind power.
Of Moths and Men is a controversial book by the journalist Judith Hooper about the Oxford University ecological genetics school led by E.B. Ford. The book specifically concerns Bernard Kettlewell's experiments on the peppered moth which were intended as experimental validation of evolution.
The Art of Seeing is a 1942 book by Aldous Huxley which details his experience with and views on the controversial Bates method which according to Huxley improved his eyesight.
The Atrocity Exhibition is an experimental collection of condensed novels by British writer J. G. Ballard.The book was originally published in the UK in 1970 by Jonathan Cape. After a 1970 edition by Doubleday & Company had already been printed Nelson Doubleday Jr. personally cancelled the publication and had the copies destroyed fearing legal action from some of the celebrities depicted in the book.
Journal of Visual Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers three times a year in the field of visual arts. The journal's Editor-in-Chief is Marquard Smith (University of Westminster) and its Principal Editors are Raiford Guins (Stony Brook University) and Joanne Morra (University of the Arts London). It has been in publication since 2002 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens is a 1953 collection of stories by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp the fifth book in his Viagens Interplanetarias series. It was first published in hardcover by Twayne Publishers and in paperback by Signet Books in 1971 with a cover by illustrator Bob Pepper. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
The Daily Item is a daily newspaper in Sunbury Pennsylvania covering the Central Susquehanna Valley Region. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The Sunbury Daily (founded 1872) and The Evening Item (1893) merged July 1 1936. Publishing five afternoons per week The Daily Item was owned by the Dewart family and other local investors until April 15. 1970 when Ottaway Community Newspapers purchased it. Ottaway streamlined and upgraded the newspaper.
Crank is a novel by Ellen Hopkins published in 2004. The book has been banned in many locations due to complaints of the book's drug use language and sexual themes. Hopkins has stated that she has based the book loosely around the real life addictions of her daughter to crystal meth and that the book is required reading in many high schools as well as many drug and drug court programs.
Proteomics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering topics including whole proteome analysis of organisms protein expression profiling disease pharmaceutical agricultural and biotechnological applications and analysis of cellular systems organelles and protein complexes. The 2009 impact factor was 4.426.
The Horn of Mortal Danger is a 1980 novel by British musician Lawrence Leonard. It relates the adventures of a brother and sister as they discover a secret civilisation buried beneath the streets of London. It is a 'classical' children's fantasy.
