despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
. . . the implication is kissinger may have decided that ?when it comes to truncheoning ?it's better to give than to receive .
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms .
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
it's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
. . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges .
it's everything you don't go to the movies for .
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a r閟um?loaded with credits like " girl in bar #3 . "
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it's no glance . it's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
. . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs ?sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmm卪ight i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no .
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . "
a dreary indulgence .
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved .
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
mildly amusing .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
made me unintentionally famous ?as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen .
i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 .
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting .
n髎 gosta muito de as duas torres .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does .
a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know .
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ?
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
a very charming and funny movie .
all in all , a great party .
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress .
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its 閘an , humor , bile , and irony .
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into scrooge .
melodrama with a message .
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable .
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf .
a marvel of production design .
lead actress ga?, she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash .
the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
the cat's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich . . .
has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9 ?weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction .
'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo m韘tico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensaci髇 de inconformidad que hace pensar m醩 de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget .
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better .
schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor .
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive " missing thing . "
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
director paul cox's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets .
more precious than perspicacious
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur .
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
one of the best movies of the year .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
at once half-baked and overheated .
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .
there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel .
as happily glib and vicious as its characters .
a witty , low-key romantic comedy .
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process .
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad .
victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
no way i can believe this load of junk .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
as pedestrian as they come .
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material .
though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
it's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
. . . hypnotically dull .
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
. . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .
two-bit potboiler .
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok .
insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years !
a film of quiet power .
hollywood ending just isn't very funny .
although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- " cherish " certainly isn't dull .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . .
piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
made by jackasses for jackasses .
. . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
a slick , engrossing melodrama .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent .
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . "
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
sleek and arty .
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
while the glass slipper doesn't quite fit , pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
a lifetime movie about men .
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
. . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .
'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
" looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad .
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss .
these characters become wearisome .
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet?and sophistication .
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales .
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
. . . irritating soul-searching garbage .
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look .
a deep and meaningful film .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters ?damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it .
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
sure , it's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it's never as solid as you want it to be .
'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . .
a solidly entertaining little film .
. . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't .
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy .
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open .
although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect .
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
execrable .
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
the picture doesn't know it's a comedy .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is .
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
" antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
it's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
jacquot's tosca is a treat .
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
a major waste . . . generic .
it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
. . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .
you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story .
. . . a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
fails to bring as much to the table .
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through .
more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them .
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .
. . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
there's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary .
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . .
jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
the best film of the year 2002 .
this thing is just garbage .
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental .
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero .
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
. . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel .
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures .
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going .
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often .
[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't .
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight .
. . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age .
abysmally pathetic
the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) .
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
it's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making .
fun and nimble .
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
well-made but mush-hearted .
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it .
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr . deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less- than-likely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandler's been attached to before .
it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a 慸irect-to-video' release .
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
a sour , nasty offering .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary .
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . .
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
veret?has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true .
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title .
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
compellingly watchable .
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card .
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
catch it . . . if you can !
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .
it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
not a stereotype is omitted nor a clich?left unsaid .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
. . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
this version moves beyond the original's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
star wars is back in a major way .
the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting .
zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation .
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
. . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one .
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison .
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke .
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
it's a charming and often affecting journey .
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey .
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) .
it's a film that's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio's animated classics .
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again .
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
garc韆 bernal and talanc髇 are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out .
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal .
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height .
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences?the ch鈚eau is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable .
famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich?riddled genre can offer .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat .
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years .
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
i simply can't recommend it enough .
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .
if you don't flee , you might be seduced . if you don't laugh , flee .
there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies卭r any other john woo flick for that matter .
made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because [solondz's] cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ? it is now .
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
" white oleander , " the movie , is akin to a reader's digest condensed version of the source material .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance .
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' .
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic .
[t]oo many of these gross out scenes . . .
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . "
while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and luc韆] makes for an arousing good time .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special .
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .
if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler .
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
. . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
the star who helped give a spark to " chasing amy " and " changing lanes " falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film , " the sum of all fears . "
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless .
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg .
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
it's stylishly directed with verve . . .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
norton holds the film together .
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
a riveting story well told .
a picture as erratic as its central character .
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .
" frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks .
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
a compelling film .
open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad .
to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience .
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows .
. . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
" what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia .
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing .
the comedy is nonexistent .
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
a very funny movie .
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis .
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
funny but perilously slight .
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic .
[director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not .
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s .
astonishing . . . [frames] profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
boy oh boy , it's a howler .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
old-form moviemaking at its best .
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
let's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home .
you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's .
the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome .
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
if you want to see a train wreck that you can't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material .
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history .
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride .
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
. . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences .
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
. . . really horrible drek .
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears .
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .
has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind .
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold .
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
a cockeyed shot all the way .
it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records .
spiderman rocks
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . .
led by griffin's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles ?several of them .
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
[woo's] most resonant film since the killer .
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
. . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion .
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun .
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans .
you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more .
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor .
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
madonna still can't act a lick .
es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprender?.
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great 憌hat you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
. . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' .
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one's actions .
[sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
disjointed parody .
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
frenetic but not really funny .
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story .
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck ?few filmmakers will . but based on cq , i'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy .
i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .
it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
more of a career curio than a major work .
there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . .
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who aren't .
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
like the best 60 minutes expos?, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
barely gets off the ground .
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
though writer/director bart freundlich's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup's anchoring performance .
it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy .
a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level .
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work .
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
absorbing character study by andr?turpin .
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth .
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful .
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby !
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
a very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point ?even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
a muted freak-out
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel .
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . "
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
a glorious mess .
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
more trifle than triumph .
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
[reaches] wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun .
. curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
weird . rewarding .
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing .
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe's misunderstanding of marivaux's rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitations as a classical actress .
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
[while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
no one can doubt the filmmakers' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . .
a thriller without a lot of thrills .
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .
'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladr髇 de orqu韉eas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent .
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . "
the delicious trimmings卆rrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute厀ith a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured .
rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about .
flat , misguided comedy .
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original .
lejos del para韘o es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y o韉os y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios .
. . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that " crazy " people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons !
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived .
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
