DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) are promising epigenetic targets for the development of novel drugs, especially for neurodegenerative disorders. In recent years, there has been increased interest in small molecules that can cross the blood-brain barrier for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases. Therefore, comparing the neuronal differentiative effects of a natural compound curcumin and a synthetic small molecule RG108 was the aim of this study. The effects of curcumin and RG108 on neuronal differentiation and neurite outgrowth were investigated in the PC-12 Adh cell line. First, a nontoxic concentration was determined to be 100nM with WST-1 assay. Subsequently, cells were treated with 100nM curcumin and RG108 alone or in combination with 50nM nerve growth factor (NGF). Cell differentiations were evaluated by a real-time cell analyzer system. Neurite outgrowth was determined and morphologically shown by immunofluorescence staining with anti-beta III tubulin antibody on PC-12 Adh cells. Also, growth-associated protein-43 (GAP-43) and b-tubulin III mRNA expression levels, associated with neurite outgrowth promotion, were determined with real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). According to our results, 100nM curcumin and RG108 significantly induced neurite outgrowth of PC-12Adh cells with 50nM NGF. Curcumin + NGF combination further increased cell differentiations and total neurite lengths more than curcumin alone and RG108 + NGF combination groups. Strikingly, curcumin and NGF combination upregulated GAP43 and b-tubulin mRNA expression levels excessively. In conclusion, curcumin was found to be more effective than RG108 on neuronal differentiation and neurite outgrowth of PC-12Adh cells in a combination with NGF. Therefore, natural DNMT1 inhibitors, such as curcumin, can be a novel approach for the neurodegenerative disorders treatment.
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Choline kinase a ( CHKA) catalyzes conversion of choline to phosphocholine and can contribute to carcinogenesis. Little is known about the role of CHKA in the pathogenesis of hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC). METHODS: We performed whole-exome and transcriptome sequence analyses of 9 paired HCC and non-tumor-adjacent tissues. We performed tissue chip analyses of 120 primary HCC and non-tumor-adjacent tissues from patients who received surgery in Shanghai, China from January 2006 through December 2009; 48 sets of specimens ( HCC and non-tumor-adjacent tissues) were also analyzed. CHKA gene copy number was quantified and findings were validated by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction analysis. CHKA messenger RNA and protein levels were determined by polymerase chain reaction, immunohistochemical, and immunoblot analyses. CHKA was examined in 2 hepatocyte cell lines and 7 HCC-derived cell lines, and knocked down with small interfering RNAs in 3 HCC cell lines. Cells were analyzed in proliferation, wound healing, migration, and invasion assays. Cells were injected into tail veins of mice and tumor growth and metastasis were quantified. Immunoprecipitation and immunofluorescence assays were conducted to determine interactions between CHKA and the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR) and the mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 2. RESULTS: Levels of CHKA messenger RNA were frequently increased in HCC tissues compared with nontumor tissues; increased expression was associated with amplification at the CHKA loci. Tumors that expressed high levels of CHKA had more aggressive phenotypes, and patients with these tumors had shorter survival times after surgery compared to patients whose tumors expressed low levels of CHKA. HCC cell lines that stably overexpressed CHKA had higher levels of migration and invasion than control HCC cells, and formed larger xenograft tumors with more metastases in mice compared to HCC cells that did not overexpress CHKA. CHKA was required for physical interaction between EGFR and mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 2. This complex was required for HCC cells to form metastatic xenograft tumors in mice and to become resistant to EGFR inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: We found levels of CHKA to be increased in human HCCs compared to nontumor tissues, and increased expression to be associated with tumor aggressiveness and reduced survival times of patients. Overexpression of CHKA in HCC cell lines increased their invasiveness, resistance to EGFR inhibitors, and ability to form metastatic tumors in mice by promoting interaction of EGFR with mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 2.
This study explored the role of fibulin-4 in osteosarcoma progression and the possible signaling pathway involved. Fibulin-4 mRNA and protein expression in normal tissue, benign fibrous dysplasia, osteosarcoma, osteosarcoma cell lines, the normal osteoblastic cell line hFOB, and different invasive subclones were evaluated by immunohistochemistry (IHC) or immunocytochemistry (ICC) and real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (real-time qRT-PCR). Using in vitro functional assays, we analyzed the invasive and proliferative abilities of different osteosarcoma cell lines and subclones with differing invasive potential. To assess the role of fibulin-4 in the invasion and metastasis of osteosarcoma cells, lentiviral vectors with fibulin-4 small hairpin RNA (shRNA) and pLVX-fibulin-4 were constructed and used to infect the highly invasive and low invasive subclones and osteosarcoma cell lines. The effects of fibulin-4 knockdown and upregulation on the biological behavior of osteosarcoma cells were investigated by functional in vitro and in vivo assays. The results revealed that fibulin-4 expression was upregulated in osteosarcoma, and was positively correlated with low differentiation, lymph node metastasis, and poor prognosis. Fibulin-4 was also found to be over-expressed in highly invasive cell lines and in the highly invasive subclones. Fibulin-4 could promote osteosarcoma cell invasion and metastasis by inducing EMT via the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway. Collectively, our findings demonstrate that fibulin-4 is a promoter of osteosarcoma development and progression, and suggest a novel therapeutic target for future studies.
Although some novel antimicrobial peptides (AMP) have been successfully isolated from Bactrocera dorsalis Hendel, the mechanisms underlying the induction of these peptides are still elusive. The homolog of NF-kappa B transcription factor Relish, designated as BdRelish, was cloned from B. dorsalis. The full length cDNA of BdRelish is 3954 bp with an open reading frame that encodes 1013 amino acids. Similar to Drosophila Relish and the mammalian p100, it is a compound protein containing a conserved Rel homology domain, an IPT (Ig-like, plexins, transcription factors) domain and an I kappa B-like domain (four ankyrin repeats), the nuclear localization signal RKRRR is also detected at the residues 449-453, suggesting that it has homology to Relish and it is a member of the Rel family of transcription activator proteins. Reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis reveals that BdRelish mRNAs are detected in different quantities from various tissues and the highest transcription level of BdRelish is determined in fat body. The injection challenge of Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureas significantly upregulated the expression of BdRelish. The injection of BdRelish dsRNA markedly reduced the expression of BdRelish and decreased the transcription magnitude of antimicrobial peptides. Individuals injected BdRelish dsRNA died at a significantly faster rate compared with the control groups. Therefore, BdRelish is vital for the transcription of AMPs to attack the invading bacteria.
Background: One of the most significant contributors to morbidity and death in patients with burns is infection, which accounts for 30%-75% of post-burn fatalities. Because of concerns for the development of antibiotic resistance in burn-related pathogens, the aims of this study were to identify antibiotic resistance trends for the four most common burn-related pathogens over a six-year period. Patients and Methods: The study used prospectively collected and de-identified aggregate data for all burn patients admitted to the burn unit between 2009 and 2014. The database query included patient demographics along with all data regarding cultures from any source (wound, sputum, urine, stool, blood), which included isolated pathogens and antibiotic resistance profiles. Profiles were then constructed using mean inhibitory concentration standards to determine whether each pathogen was susceptible (S), intermediate (I), or resistant (R) to each antibiotic. The aggregated data were then used to construct a heat map for the four most common pathogens and their resistance profiles over the six-year study period. Results: There were 368 patients with burns (248 with positive cultures, 120 with negative cultures) in this study. The positive culture group was significantly older (38 vs. 25y, p<0.001) and had longer hospitalizations (17 vs. 11 d, p<0.01) compared with the negative group. Analysis of antibiotic resistance heat maps constructed for the four most commonly isolated pathogens (methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus, Enterococcus faecalis, methicillin-resistant S. aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa) indicated a lack of notable resistance patterns for any of the individual pathogens. Conclusions: Taken together, these results indicate that there are no discernible patterns of antibiotic resistance across time (six years) for the four most common burn-related pathogens. We conclude that antibiotic choice in burn patients based on previous in-hospital trends may be a flawed strategy. Emerging genomic technology to deliver point-of-care pathogen-specific antibiotic sensitivities via polymerase chain reaction may be needed to more appropriately guide antibiotic choice.
Background: The androgen receptor splice variant 7 (AR-V7) is associated with resistance to hormonal therapy in castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC). Due to limitations of the methods available for AR-V7 analysis, the identification of a reliable detection method may facilitate the use of this biomarker in clinical practice. Objective: To confirm AR-V7 as a predictor of resistance to hormonal therapy and develop a new approach to assess AR-V7 by highly sensitive digital droplet polymerase chain reaction (ddPCR) in plasma-derived exosomal RNA. Design, setting, and participants: Plasma samples were collected from 36 CRPC patients before they began second-line hormonal treatment. Exosomes were isolated and RNA extracted for analysis of AR-V7 by ddPCR. Outcome measurements and statistical analysis: The absolute target gene concentration as copies per milliliter (copies/ml) was determined by ddPCR. Statistical analyses were performed with SPSS software (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA). Results and limitations: A total of 26 patients received abiraterone and 10 enzalutamide; 39% of patients were found to be AR-V7 positive (AR-V7(+)). Median progression-free survival was significantly longer in AR-V7 negative (AR-V7(-)) versus AR-V7(+) patients (20 vs 3 mo; p < 0.001). Overall survival was significantly shorter in AR-V7(+) participants at baseline compared with AR-V7(-) participants (8 mo vs not reached; p < 0.001). Conclusions: This study demonstrates that plasma-derived exosomal RNA is a reliable source of AR-V7 that can be detected sensitively by ddPCR assay. We also showed that resistance to hormonal therapy may be predicted by AR-V7, making it a clinically relevant biomarker. Patient summary: We report a first study on a method for androgen receptor splice variant 7 (AR-V7) detection in RNA extracted from cancer cell vesicles released in blood. Results confirmed the role of AR-V7 as a predictive biomarker of resistance to hormonal therapy. Our assay showed that vesicles are a reliable source of AR-V7 RNA and that the method is fast, highly sensitive, and affordable. (C) 2016 European Association of Urology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Purpose: In the current study, we investigated hyperpolarized urea as a possible imaging biomarker of the renal function by means of the intrarenal osmolality gradient. Methods: Hyperpolarized three-dimensional balanced steady state C-13 MRI experiments alongside kidney function parameters and quantitative polymerase chain reaction measurements was performed on two groups of rats, a streptozotocin type 1 diabetic group and a healthy control group. Results: A significant decline in intrarenal steepness of the urea gradient was found after 4 weeks of untreated insulinopenic diabetes in agreement with an increased urea transport transcription. Conclusion: MRI and hyperpolarized [C-13, N-15] urea can monitor the changes in the corticomedullary urea concentration gradients in diabetic and healthy control rats. Magn Reson Med 77: 1650-1655, 2017. (C) 2016 International Society for Magnetic Resonance in Medicine
The double stranded small active RNA (saRNA)-p21-saRNA-322 inhibits tumor growth by stimulating the p21 gene expression. We focused our research of p21-saRNA-322 on colorectal cancer because 1) p21 down-regulation is a signature abnormality of the cancer, and 2) colorectal cancer might be a suitable target for in situ p21-saRNA-322 delivery. The goal of the present study is to learn the activity of p21-saRNA-322 in colorectal cancer. Three human colorectal cancer cell lines, HCT-116, HCT-116 (p53-/-) and HT-29 were transfected with the p21-saRNA-322. The expression of P21 protein and p21 mRNA were measured using the Western blot and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). The effect of p21-saRNA-322 on cancer cells was evaluated in vitro; and furthermore, a xenograft colorectal tumor mode in mice was established to estimate the tumor suppressing ability of p21-saRNA-322 in vivo. The results showed that in all three colorectal cancer cell lines, the expression of p21 mRNA and P21 protein were dramatically elevated after p21-saRNA-322 transfection. Transfection of p21-saRNA-322 caused apoptosis and cell cycle arrest at the G(0)/G(1). Furthermore, anti-proliferation effect, reduction of colonies formation and cell senescence were observed in p21-saRNA-322 treated cells. Animal studies showed that p21-saRNA-322 treatment significantly inhibited the HT-29 tumor growth and facilitated p21 activation in vivo. These results indicated that, p21-saRNA-322-induceded up-regulation of p21 might be a promising therapeutic option for the treatment of colorectal cancer.
It is accepted that inflammation plays a critical role in the development of atherosclerosis; the pathogenesis is not clear. B-cell-produced interleukin (IL) 10 is an immune regulatory cytokine that can inhibit immune inflammation. This study tests a hypothesis that a psychological stress hormone, cortisol, suppresses IL-10 expression in peripheral B cells of patients with atherosclerosis. Peripheral blood samples were collected from patients with coronary artery atherosclerosis. B cells were isolated from the blood samples to be analyzed for the expression of IL-10 and micro RNA (miR) 98 by real-time polymerase chain reaction. We observed that the frequency of IL-10(+) B cell was less in patients with atherosclerosis than healthy controls. The serum cortisol levels were higher in the patients than that in healthy controls. Peripheral B-cell frequency was negatively correlated with the serum cortisol levels. Exposure of B cells to cortisol increased the expression of miR-98 in B cells. Cortisol also inhibited the expression of IL-10 in B cells, in which miR-98 played a critical role. Treating B cells from atherosclerosis patients with anti-miR-98 liposomes reversed the ability of expression of IL-10 in the cells. The expression of IL-10 is suppressed in peripheral B cells, which can be up regulated by anti-miR-98 liposomes.
Transmission of canine leishmaniosis (CanL) is described in three consecutive generations of female Boxers living in a non-endemic environment in the Czech Republic. Infection of the first generation female likely occurred during a breeding visit to Italy and the dog died with typical clinical signs of the disease but without definitive laboratory diagnosis. The second and third generation offsprings never left the Czech Republic, suffered from clinical CanL confirmed by polymerase chain reaction and serology, and were apparently infected by transplacental transmission. Persistence of CanL in the Czech Republic over 7 years with a suspected origin in an endemic region and progression of infection through subsequent generations in a non-endemic country exemplifies that this disease may establish itself also in areas where no obvious vectors are present. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Natural killer (NK) cell activity is regulated by activating and inhibitory signals transduced by killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptors (KIR). Diversity in KIR gene repertoire among individuals may affect disease outcome. Sepsis development and severity may be influenced by genetic factors affecting the immune response. Here, we examined sixteen KIR genes and their human leucocyte antigen (HLA) class I ligands in critical patients, aiming to identify patterns that could be associated with sepsis. Male and female patients (ages ranging between 14 and 94 years-old) were included. DNA samples from 211 patients with sepsis and 60 controls (critical care patients with no sepsis) collected between 2004 and 2010 were included and genotyped for KIR genes using the polymerase chain reaction method with sequence-specific oligonucleotide (PCR-SSO), and for HLA genes using the polymerase chain reaction method with sequence-specific primers (PCR-SSP). The frequencies of activating KIR2DS1 and KIR3DS1 in sepsis patients when compared to controls were 41.23% versus 55.00% and 36.49% versus 51.67% (p = 0.077 and 0.037 respectively before Bonferroni correction). These results indicate that activating KIR genes 2DS1 and 3DS1 may more prevalent in critical patients without sepsis than in patients with sepsis, suggesting a potential protective role of activating KIR genes in sepsis. (C) 2017 American Society for Histocompatibility and Immunogenetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Breast cancer (BC) is a disease with different clinical, histological and molecular characteristics, frequently presenting mutated tumour-suppressing genes and oncogenes. P53 is a known tumour suppressor that is often mutated in BC; several mutations in p53 inhibit its role as a transcriptional repressor of several oncogenes. Topoisomerase 2 alpha (TOP2 alpha) is a gene target of p53, and it is also a known target for anthracyclines. The aim of the present study, was to analyse the genetic alterations of p53 and TOP2 alpha genes and their levels of protein expression, as well as their association with survival in Mexican women with BC. A total of 102 biopsies were collected (tumour and adjacent tissues) from patients with BC. To identify point mutations and deletions in the p53 gene, the Sanger sequencing method was carried out. Deletions or amplifications for TOP2 alpha gene were determined using quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). In addition, the expression of the TOP2 alpha and p53 proteins was evaluated by western blotting. Furthermore, p53 protein expression was analysed by proximity ligation assay (PLA)-qPCR. Only 28.5% of the patients were found to have triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC); the average age at the time of diagnosis of these patients was 50 years, and Scarff-Bloom-Richardson (SBR) histological grade III (p=0.0089). No differences in point mutations or deletions in p53, and deletions or amplifications as well as protein expression level of TOP2 alpha were observed between patients with TNBC and non-TNBC patients. However, patients with TNBC showed p53 protein overexpression as determined by PLA-qPCR and western blotting (p<0.0001). Furthermore, we found an association between TOP2 alpha amplification and over expression of its protein in patients with TNBC (p<0.0001). Concerning p53, overexpression resulted in a lower survival in patients with BC.
H9N2 Influenza subtype has emerged in Tunisia causing epidemics in poultry and resulting in major economic losses. New mutations in their hemagglutinin and neuraminidase proteins were acquired, suggesting their potential to directly infect humans. Effective surveillance tools should be implemented to help prevent potential spillover of the virus across species. We have developed a highly sensitive real time immuno-polymerase chain reaction (RT-I-PCR) method for detecting H9N2 virus. The assay applies aptamers as ligands to capture and detect the virus. First, a panel of specific ssDNA aptamers was selected via a one step high stringency protocol. Next, the panel of selected aptamers was characterized for their affinities and their specificity to H9N2 virus. The aptamer showing the highest binding affinity to the virus was used as ligand to develop a highly sensitive sandwich Aptamer I-PCR. A 3-log increase in analytical sensitivity was achieved as compared to a routinely used ELISA antigen test, highlighting the potential of this approach to detect very low levels of virus particles. The test was validated using clinical samples and constitutes a rapid and a label-free platform, opening a new venue for the development of aptamer based viability sensing for a variety of microorganisms of economic importance in Tunisia and surrounding regions. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Human bone marrow stromal cells (hBMSCs) may contribute to the growth of tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)-resistant chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). However, there are certain differences in biology between CML and Philadelphia-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ ALL). Little is known about the role and mechanism of hBMSCs on the growth of TKI-resistant Ph+ ALL. The current study co-cultured hBMSCs with the TKI-resistant SUP-B15. Next, the proliferation of SUP-B15 was detected using a Cell Counting Kit-8. Additionally, quantitative polymerase chain reaction and flow cytometry were used to detect the expression of the associated genes and proteins. The present study explores the role and mechanism of hBMSCs on the growth of TKI-resistant Ph+ ALL. The current study showed that hBMSCs promoted the proliferation of TKI-resistant Ph+ ALL. This was shown by the increase in cells in the S+ G2-M phase of the cell cycle. It was also found that the expression of cyclins A, C, D1 and E was increased. Apoptosis was inhibited through upregulation of anti-apoptotic genes [B-cell lymphoma-2 (BCL-2) and BCL-extra large] and downregulation of apoptotic genes (BCL-XS, BCL-2-associated X protein, and caspases 3, 7 and 9). Expression of the breakpoint cluster region (BCR)-Abelson murine leukemia viral oncogene homolog 1 (ABL) gene, Wnt5a, and Wnt signaling pathway-associated genes (glycogen synthase kinase-3 beta, beta-catenin, E-cadherin and phosphoinositide 3-kinase) and transcription factors (c-myc, ephrin type-B2, fibroblast growth factor 20 and matrix metalloproteinase 7) was also increased. Furthermore, the expression of drug resistance genes (low-density lipoprotein receptor, multidrug resistanceasso-ciated protein and multi-drug resistance gene) was increased and the expression of anti-oncogenes (death-associated protein kinase and interferon regulatory factor-1) was decreased. It was concluded that hBMSCs promote the growth of TKI-resistant Ph+ ALL by these aforementioned mechanisms. Therefore, targeting hBMSCs may be a promising approach for preventing the growth of TKI-resistant Ph+ ALL.
Objectives: The aim of this study is to determine the relationship between atherosclerosis and periodontopathogenic microorganisms in chronic periodontitis patients following periodontal treatment. Materials and Methods: A total of 40 patients were included in the study. 20 of these patients diagnosed with atherosclerosis and chronic periodontitis formed the test group. The remaining 20 patients were systemically healthy patients diagnosed with chronic periodontitis and formed the control group. All patients had nonsurgical periodontal treatment. The periodontopathogenic microorganism levels were determined at baseline and at 6 months in microbial dental plaque samples and WBC, LDL, HDL, PLT, fibrinogen, creatinine and hs-CRP levels were determined by blood samples. Results: Statistically significant reduction has been achieved in clinical periodontal parameters following non-surgical periodontal treatment in test and control groups. Following periodontal treatment, WBC, LDL, PLT, fibrinogen, creatinine and hs-CRP levels significantly decreased and HDL levels significantly increased in both test and control groups. Similarly, the periodontopathogenic microorganism levels significantly decreased following periodontal treatment in the test and control groups. A statistically significant positive correlation has been determined between the periodontopathogenic microorganism levels and WBC, LDL, PLT, fibrinogen, creatinine, and hs-CRP levels in the test group. Conclusions: The association between hs-CRP, WBC, LDL, PLT, fibrinogen, creatinine, and the amount of periodontopathogenic microorganisms indicates the possibility that periodontal treatment could decrease the risk atherosclerosis. More studies must be conducted in order for these results to be supported.
Nucleophosmin (NPM) and human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (Her-2) are abnormally expressed in various types of human malignant tumors, including gastric cancer, and have been closely associated with cancer chemoresistance. However, their interaction and roles in oxaliplatin resistance are not fully understood. Therefore, the present study aimed to elucidate the relationship between NPM and Her-2 in gastric cancer cell lines and clinical samples, and further investigated their role in the resistance of gastric cancer to oxaliplatin. Western blotting and reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction confirmed that NPM and Her-2 expression were significantly upregulated in gastric cancer cells and clinical samples, and that their expression levels were strongly correlated. However, Her-2 expression was not affected by upregulation or downregulation of NPM expression in gastric cancer cells. Cell counting kit-8 assays demonstrated that the cell sensitivity to oxaliplatin decreased simultaneously with an increase in NPM expression. Furthermore, inhibition of Her-2 expression using trastuzumab significantly increased the sensitivity of the cells to oxaliplatin, which occurred simultaneously with the downregulation of NPM. These results indicated that inhibition of NPM, as a Her-2 downstream signal, may be a novel strategy to overcome oxaliplatin-resistant gastric cancer, and that trastuzumab and oxaliplatin may exhibit a synergistic antitumor effect in Her-2-positive gastric cancer cells.
Objectives To determine the effects of dental implant surface chemistry and energy on macrophage activation invitro. Materials and Methods Disks made from two clinically used implant materials (titanium [Ti], titanium zirconium alloy [TiZr]) were produced with two different surface treatments (sandblast/acid-etch [SLA], hydrophilic-SLA [modSLA]). Surface roughness, energy, and chemistry were characterized. Primary murine macrophages were isolated from 6- to 8-week-old male C57Bl/6 mice and cultured on test surfaces (Ti SLA, TiZr SLA, Ti modSLA, TiZr modSLA) or control tissue culture polystyrene. mRNA was quantified by quantitative polymerase chain reaction after 24h of culture. Pro- (IL-1, IL-6, and TNF-) and anti-inflammatory (IL-4, IL-10) protein levels were measured by ELISA after 1 or 3days of culture. Results Quantitatively, microroughness was similar on all surfaces. Qualitatively, nanostructures were present on modSLA surfaces that were denser on Ti than on TiZr. modSLA surfaces were determined hydrophilic (high-energy surface) while SLA surfaces were hydrophobic (low-energy surface). Cells on high-energy surfaces had higher levels of mRNA from anti-inflammatory markers characteristic of M2 activation compared to cells on low-energy surfaces. This effect was enhanced on the TiZr surfaces when compared to cells on Ti SLA and Ti modSLA. Macrophages cultured on TiZr SLA and modSLA surfaces released more anti-inflammatory cytokines. Conclusions The combination of high-energy and altered surface chemistry present on TiZr modSLA was able to influence macrophages to produce the greatest anti-inflammatory microenvironment and reduce extended pro-inflammatory factor release.
The international prevalence of legal high drugs necessitates the development of a method for their detection and identification. Herein, we describe the development and validation of a tetraplex multiplex real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay used to simultaneously identify morning glory, jimson weed, Hawaiian woodrose, and marijuana detected by high-resolution melt using LCGreen Plus((R)). The PCR assay was evaluated based on the following: (i) specificity and selectivityprimers were tested on DNA extracted from 30 species and simulated forensic samples, (ii) sensitivityserial dilutions of the target DNA were prepared, and (iii) reproducibility and reliabilitysample replicates were tested and remelted on different days. The assay is ideal for cases in which inexpensive assays are needed to quickly detect and identify trace biological material present on drug paraphernalia that is too compromised for botanical microscopic identification and for which analysts are unfamiliar with the morphology of the emerging legal high species.
Gibel carp Carassius auratus gibelio (Bloch), a commercially important freshwater-cultured fish in China, is threatened by myxosporeans, particularly Thelohanellus wuhanensis, Myxobolus honghuensis, M. wulii and M. turpisrotundus. Here, we developed a multiplex PCR assay for simultaneous detection of these 4 myxosporeans. The specific primers for each species were designed based on the 28S rDNA gene of T. wuhanensis, the ITS-5.8S rDNA of M. honghuensis and M. wulii, and the 18S rDNA gene of M. turpisrotundus. Specificity testing confirmed that the 4 primer sets have no cross-reactivity with other related myxosporean species tested. Detection limits of the multiplex PCR assay were 0.2, 0.3, 3.1 and 3.8 spores for T. wuhanensis, M. honghuensis, M. wulii and M. turpisrotundus, respectively. Following screening of 104 field samples, the analytical sensitivity of the present multiplex PCR assay was found to be similar to the sensitivity obtained by the singleplex PCR assays and was higher than that of microscopic examination. Moreover, Kappa analysis showed a strong agreement between the results of the singleplex and multiplex PCR assays, indicating that the developed multiplex PCR assay was an efficient approach for the diagnosis of the 4 myxosporeans infecting gibel carp.
Background: Ovarian tissue cryopreservation (OTC) is the only option available to preserve fertility in prepubertal females with neuroblastoma (NB), a childhood solid tumor that can spread to the ovaries, with a risk of reintroducingmalignant cells after an ovarian graft. Procedure: We set out to determine whether the analysis of TH (tyrosine hydroxylase), PHOX2B (paired-like homeobox 2b), and DCX (doublecortin) transcripts using quantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) could be used to detect NB contamination in ovarian tissue. Analyses were performed on benign ovarian tissue from 20 healthy women between November 2014 and September 2015 at the University Hospital of Clermont-Ferrand. Pericystic benign ovarian tissues were collected and contaminated with increasing numbers of human NB cells (cell lines IMR-32 and SK-N-SH) before detection using RT-qPCR. Results: TH and DCX transcripts were detected in uncontaminated ovarian tissue from all the donors, hampering the detection of small numbers of tumor cells. By contrast, PHOX2B was not detected in any uncontaminated ovarian fragment. PHOX2B levels were significantly increased from 10 NB cells. Our study is the first to evaluate minimal residual disease detection using NB mRNAs in human ovarian tissue. Only PHOX2B was a reliable marker of NB cells contaminating ovarian tissue. Conclusions: These results are encouraging and offer hope in the near future for grafting ovarian tissue in women who survive cancer, whose fertility has been jeopardized by treatment, and who could benefit fromOTC without oncological risk.
Background and ObjectiveThe goal of periodontal therapy is to regenerate/reconstruct the damaged supporting tissues of diseased teeth and to facilitate recovery of their physiological functions. Combination of stem cell transplantation and gene therapy offers a viable method for accelerating periodontal repair and regeneration. In this study, the role of the ephrinB2/EphB4 signaling pathway in regulating osteogenic differentiation of periodontal ligament stem cells (PDLSCs) and crosstalk between PDLSCs and pre-osteoblasts within co-culture was investigated through ephrinB2 transgenic expression in PDLSCs. Material and MethodsPDLSCs isolated from premolar teeth of teenage patients undergoing orthodontic treatment were transfected with transgenic (hEfnB2-GFP-Bsd) vector or empty vector (GFP-Bsd). Vector-PDLSCs, EfnB2-PDLSCs, MC3T3-E1 and co-cultures of vector-PDLSCs with MC3T3-E1, and EfnB2-PDLSCs with MC3T3-E1 were subjected to osteogenic induction. The osteogenic differentiation of EfnB2-PDLSCs, vector-PDLSCs and co-cultures were assessed by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction, alkaline phosphatase (ALP) assay and Alizarin-red S staining. Protein expression levels of ephrinB2, EphB4, phosphorylated ephrinB2 and EphB4 were analyzed by western blot, immunoprecipitation and co-immunoprecipitation assays. ResultsALP assay and Alizarin-red S staining demonstrated higher ALP activity and increased mineralization with EfnB2-PDLSCs vs. vector-PDLSCs and with co-culture of EfnB2-PDLSCs and MC3T3-E1 vs. vector-PDLSCs and MC3T3-E1. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction revealed that the expression of human odonto/osteogenic markers were significantly enhanced in EfnB2-PDLSCs compared to vector-PDLSCs, and that the expression of mouse odonto/osteogenic markers were significantly higher in co-culture of EfnB2-PDLSCs with MC3T3-E1 vs. vector-PDLSCs with MC3T3-E1. The EphB4 receptor was activated through phosphorylation during osteogenic differentiation. ConclusionOur data indicate that transgenic expression of ephrinB2 in PDLSCs could promote osteogenic differentiation via stimulation of the phosphorylation of ephrinB2 and EphB4, which regulates cell communication between PDLSCs and between PDLSCs and pre-osteoblasts within co-culture.
Rotavirus A (RVA) causes acute diarrhea in children as well as animals. As part of a crosssectional study of children less than 5 years of age hospitalized for acute diarrhea in Vietnam during a 15-month period (2007-2008), 322 (43.5%) of 741 fecal specimens contained RVA with 92% either G1P[8] or G3P[8]. This study was undertaken to further characterize strains that remained untypeable to complete the G and P genotypes of the 322 rotavirus-positive specimens. While 307 (95.3%) strains possessed the common human RVA genotypes: G1P[8] (45.0%), G2P[4] (2.8%), G3P[8] (46.9%), and G9P[8] (0.6%), sequencing of initially untypeable specimens revealed the presence of two unusual strains designated NT0073 and NT0082 possessing G9P[19] and G10P[14], respectively. The genotype constellation of NT0073 (G9-P[19]-I5-R1-C1-M1-A8-N1-T7-E1-H1) and the phylogenetic trees suggested its origin as a porcine RVA strain causing diarrhea in a 24-month-old girl whereas the genotype constellation of NT0082 (G10-P[14]-I2-R2-C2-M2-A3N2- T6-E2-H3) and the phylogenetic trees suggested its origin as an RVA strain of artiodactyl origin (such as cattle, sheep and goats) causing diarrhea in a 13-month-old boy. This study showed that RVA strains of animal host origin were not necessarily attenuated in humans. A hypothesis may be postulated that P[19] and P[14] VP4 spike proteins helped the virus to replicate in the human intestine but that efficient onward human-to-human spread after crossing the host species barrier may require the virus to obtain some additional features as there was no evidence of widespread transmission with the limited sampling performed over the study period. (C) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Purpose. The impact of an antimicrobial stewardship initiative on time to first antibiotic dose and clinical outcomes in bacteremic patients was, evaluated. Methods. A single-center, retrospective study was conducted for adult inpatients who received antibiotics before and after implementation of a rapid administration of antimicrobials by an infectious diseases specialist (RAIDS) protocol. Patients admitted to an inpatient service from June to October 2011 (pre-RAIDS protocol) and from December 2011 to February 2012 (post-RAIDS protocol) were eligible for inclusion if (1) they were age 18 years or older, (2) their infection occurred two or more days after hospital admission, and (3) they had a blood culture growing an organism other than common skin contaminants (i.e., coagulase-negative staphylococci, Bacillus species). The primary outcome was the time to the first antibiotic dose (TFAD), defined as the time that elapsed from a positive blood culture result to administration of the first empirical antimicrobial dose. Results. A total of 111 bacteremic patients were included in the analysis. Implementation of the RAIDS protocol led to significantly faster antibiotic order entry, verification, and administration of empirical antibiotics in patients with bacteremia. The median TFAD was approximately 8 hours faster in the post-RAIDS group than in the pre-RAIDS group (9:09 hr:min versus 1:23 hr:min, p < 0.001). Patients in the post-RAIDS group had a significant reduction in infection-related mortality (p = 0.047), though all cause 30-day mortality was similar. Conclusion. Early notification of an infectious diseases pharmacist about positive blood cultures using the RAIDS protocol led to increased appropriateness of empirical drug selection and a dramatic reduction in the administration of antibiotics and was associated with decreased infection related mortality.
Condyloma acuminata (CA) are warty lesions caused by human papilloma virus (HPV) that generally affect the external genitalia and mucocutaneous junctions. Involvement of the urinary tract is rare, and involvement of the urinary bladder is thought to be due to immunosuppression. A 30-year-old woman was diagnosed with urethral CA 12 months after renal transplantation. She underwent transurethral resection (TUR) of the urethral lesions. During the operation, multiple sessile warty lesions were found incidentally inside the bladder and were also removed by TUR. The patient's postoperative course was uneventful. Pathological examination confirmed that the lesions were CA. Multiplex real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed to confirm the HPV genotype and revealed type 45 HPV DNA. CA of the urethra are uncommon, and bladder involvement is extremely rare. This case is the first reported, to our knowledge, to involve HPV type 45 in bladder condyloma. TUR may be the preferred option for the management of CA in the urinary bladder.
Porcine-transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV) is a pathogenic coronavirus responsible for high diarrhoea-associated morbidity and mortality in suckling piglets. We analysed the TGEV ORF3 gene using nested polymerase chain reaction and identified an ORF3a deletion in three field strains of TGEV collected from piglets in China in 2015. Eight TGEV ORF3 sequences were obtained in this study. Phylogenetic tree analysis of ORF3 showed that the eight TGEV ORF3 genes all belonged to the Miller cluster. CH-LNCT and CH-MZL were closely correlated with Miller M6, while CH-SH was correlated with Miller M60. These results thus indicate that the existence of Miller, as well as the Purdue cluster, in Chinese field strains of TGEV. Furthermore, we found the first evidence for a large deletion in ORF3 resulting in the loss of ORF3a, previously reported in porcine respiratory coronavirus, in three field strains (CH-LNCT, CH-MZL, and CH-SH) of TGEV. The results of the present study thus provide important information regarding the underlying evolution mechanisms of coronaviruses.
The study aimed to polish wastewater effluent from an activated treatment system for nitrogen removal by a packed bed bioreactor (PBR). The nitrogen removal via simultaneous partial nitrification, anammox and denitrification (SNAD) process was investigated with different hydraulic retention times (HRTs). The results show that both effluent ammonia-and nitrate-nitrogen concentrations approached to 0 mg/L at the HRT as low as 3 h. The total nitrogen removal efficiency decreased from an average of 84% at both 18- and 24-h HRTs to 38% at 3-h HRT. This low nitrogen removal efficiency was due to the presence of incomplete degradation of organic nitrogen at shorter HRTs. The analysis using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction resolves that the ratio of ammonia-oxidizing bacteria (AOB) to the domain Eubacteria changed limited in the range between 2.8 and 4.0% during the continuous operation. Meanwhile, the nitrite-oxidizing bacteria (NOB) increased from 0.0 to 2.9% when the HRT was gradually reduced to 3 h. The anammox bacteria accounting for 30.5% of microbial consortia dominated the AOB and the NOB at the 3-h HRT. In sum, inorganic form of nitrogen in a typical wastewater plant effluent could be efficiently polished via SNAD process in the PBR. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Background: Disease surveillance in patients with bladder cancer is important for early diagnosis of progression and metastasis and for optimised treatment. Objective: To develop urine and plasma assays for disease surveillance for patients with FGFR3 and PIK3CA tumour mutations. Design, setting, and participants: Droplet digital polymerase chain reaction (ddPCR) assays were developed and tumour DNA from two patient cohorts was screened for FGFR3 and PIK3CA hotspot mutations. One cohort included 363 patients with non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC). The other cohort included 468 patients with bladder cancer undergoing radical cystectomy (Cx). Urine supernatants (NMIBC n = 216, Cx n = 27) and plasma samples (NMIBC n = 39, Cx n = 27) from patients harbouring mutations were subsequently screened using ddPCR assays. Outcome measurements and statistical analysis: Progression-free survival, recurrence-free survival, and overall survival were measured. Fisher's exact test, the Wilcoxon rank-sum test and Cox regression analysis were applied. Results and limitations: In total, 36% of the NMIBC patients (129/363) and 11% of the Cx patients (44/403) harboured at least one FGFR3 or PIK3CA mutation. Screening of DNA from serial urine supernatants from the NMIBC cohort revealed that high levels of tumour DNA (tDNA) were associated with later disease progression in NMIBC (p = 0.003). Furthermore, high levels of tDNA in plasma samples were associated with recurrence in the Cx cohort (p = 0.016). A positive correlation between tDNA levels in urine and plasma was observed (correlation coefficient 0.6). The retrospective study design and low volumes of plasma available for analysis were limitations of the study. Conclusions: Increased levels of FGFR3 and PIK3CA mutated DNA in urine and plasma are indicative of later progression and metastasis in bladder cancer. Patient summary: Urine and plasma from patients with bladder cancer may be monitored for diagnosis of progression and metastasis using mutation assays. (C) 2016 European Association of Urology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Background: Infertility is one of the major social issues. Due to the asymptomatic cervical infection associated with Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus), the majority of patients remain undiagnosed. The present study intended to assess the frequency of S. aureus isolated from infertile women's endocervix in northwest Iran. Materials and Methods: In a descriptive cross sectional study, specimens were randomly collected during vagina examination using a sterile speculum and swabbing. After performance of antibiotic susceptibility testing, polymerase chain reaction (PCR) was used to identify methicillin-resistance S. aureus (MRSA) and toxic shock syndrome toxin-1 (TSST-1). Results: About 26 (26%) and 9 (9%) women's urogenital tracts were colonized by S. aureus and Candida spp., respectively, of which three (11.5%) patients were infected with fungi and S. aureus, simultaneously. Antibiotic susceptibility results showed high activity of vancomycin and co-trimoxazole on isolates. Regarding PCR results, mecA sequences were detected in 7 (26.9%) strains, whilst the tst gene encoding TSST-1 was not detected in any of clinical strains. Conclusion: The prevalence of S. aureus was very high in infertile women. Therefore, it demands all patients undergoing infertility treatment to be investigated thoroughly for this type of infection.
Background: Oridonin, the major terpene found in Rabdosia rubescens (Henmsl.) Hara, is widely used as a dietary supplement and therapeutic drug. Oridonin has been proven to possess good anti-tumour activity, but little is known about its effect on angiogenesis. The aim of this study was to investigate the antiangiogenic effects of oridonin in vivo and in vitro and prove that oridonin anti-tumour activity is based on suppressing angiogenesis. Methods: In vitro, the antiangiogenesis effect was studied by proliferation, apoptosis, migration, invasion, and tube formation experiments on human umbilical vascular endothelial cells (HUVECs). In vivo, using the Tg (fli1: GFP) zebrafish model, the embryonic vasculogenesis and postnatal regeneration were evaluated. The vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) signalling pathway gene expressions were assessed by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Furthermore, the inhibition effects on tumour growth and metastasis were observed using a xenograft zebrafish tumour model and xenograft nude mouse tumour model. Angiogenesis was assayed by immunostaining with cluster of differentiation 31. Importantly, the proteins were identified as being differentially expressed in an in vivo model by two-dimensional electrophoresis-mass spectrometry (2D-MS) and western blot (WB). Results: The results indicated that oridonin inhibited HUVEC proliferation, migration, invasion, and tube formation and induced cell apoptosis. Oridonin inhibited zebrafish angiogenesis during embryonic development and tail fin regeneration. RT-PCR showed that oridonin decreased the VEGFA, VEGFR2, and VEGFR3 expressions in zebrafish, while the TP53 expression increased. Moreover, oridonin had strong effects on tumour growth and metastasis in vivo. 2D-MS identified a total of 50 proteins differentially expressed (17 up-expressed, 28 down-expressed). Lastly, WB showed that Claudin 1, Claudin 4, and Claudin 7 were closely related to tumour growth and metastasis. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that oridonin could inhibit tumour growth and metastasis, which mainly based on oridonin antiangiogenic effects. Claudin 1, Claudin 4, and Claudin 7 were the main contributors to the mechanism.
JC polyomavirus-associated nephropathy (JC-PVAN) is a rare but challenging cause of renal dysfunction. We report JC-PVAN in a renal allograft recipient and highlight the obstacles in definitive diagnosis of this disease entity. A deceased-donor renal transplant recipient was diagnosed with JC polyomavirus nephritis 4 years after transplantation. Immunosuppressive agents were subsequently reduced, resulting in an initial stabilization of renal function. We present this interesting case and discuss the challenges with diagnosing and treating this rare entity.
Adipose tissue is a rich source of multipotent mesenchymal stem-like cells, located in the perivascular niche. Based on their surface markers, these have been assigned to two main categories: CD31(-)/CD45(-)/CD34(+)/CD146(-) cells (adventitial stromal/stem cells [ASCs]) and CD31(-)/CD45(-)/CD34(-)/CD146(+) cells (pericytes [PCs]). These populations display heterogeneity of unknown significance. We hypothesized that aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) activity, a functional marker of primitivity, could help to better define ASC and PC subclasses. To this end, the stromal vascular fraction from a human lipoaspirate was simultaneously stained with fluorescent antibodies to CD31, CD45, CD34, and CD146 antigens and the ALDH substrate Aldefluor, then sorted by fluorescence-activated cell sorting. Individual ASCs (n=67) and PCs (n=73) selected from the extremities of the ALDH-staining spectrum were transcriptionally profiled by Fluidigm single-cell quantitative polymerase chain reaction for a predefined set (n=429) of marker genes. To these single-cell data, we applied differential expression and principal component and clustering analysis, as well as an original gene coexpression network reconstruction algorithm. Despite the stochasticity at the single-cell level, covariation of gene expression analysis yielded multiple network connectivity parameters suggesting that these perivascular progenitor cell subclasses possess the following order of maturity: (a) ALDH(br)ASC (most primitive); (b) ALDH(dim)ASC; (c) ALDH(br)PC; (d) ALDH(dim)PC (least primitive). This order was independently supported by specific combinations of class-specific expressed genes and further confirmed by the analysis of associated signaling pathways. In conclusion, single-cell transcriptional analysis of four populations isolated from fat by surface markers and enzyme activity suggests a developmental hierarchy among perivascular mesenchymal stem cells supported by markers and coexpression networks. Stem Cells2017;35:1273-1289
Wood frogs (Rana sylvatica) are highly susceptible to infection with Frog virus 3 (FV3, Ranavirus, Iridoviridae), a cause of mass mortality in wild populations. To elucidate the pathogenesis of FV3 infection in wood frogs, 40 wild-caught adults were acclimated to captivity, inoculated orally with a fatal dose of 10(4.43) pfu/frog, and euthanized at 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 9, and 14 days postinfection (dpi). Mild lesions occurred sporadically in the skin (petechiae) and bone marrow (necrosis) during the first 2 dpi. Severe lesions occurred 1 to 2 weeks postinfection and consisted of necrosis of medullary and extramedullary hematopoietic tissue, lymphoid tissue in spleen and throughout the body, and epithelium of skin, mucosae, and renal tubules. Viral DNA was first detected (polymerase chain reaction) in liver at 4 dpi; by dpi 9 and 14, all viscera tested (liver, kidney, and spleen), skin, and feces were positive. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) first detected viral antigen in small areas devoid of histologic lesions in the oral mucosa, lung, and colon at 4 dpi; by 9 and 14 dpi, IHC labeling of viral antigen associated with necrosis was found in multiple tissues. Based on IHC staining intensity and lesion severity, the skin, oral, and gastrointestinal epithelium and renal tubular epithelium were important sites of viral replication and shedding, suggesting that direct contact (skin) and fecal-oral contamination are effective routes of transmission and that skin tissue, oral, and cloacal swabs may be appropriate antemortem diagnostic samples in late stages of disease (>1 week postinfection) but poor samples to detect infection in clinically healthy frogs.
The profound influence of ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporters on the disposition of numerous drugs has led to increased interest in characterizing their expression profiles in various epithelial and endothelial barriers. The present work examined the presence and functional activity of five ABC efflux proteins, i.e., MRP 1-5, in freshly isolated human nasal epithelial cells and two in vitro models based on the human RPMI 2650 cell line. To evaluate the expression patterns of MRP1, MRP2, MRP3, MRP4, and MRP5 at the mRNA and protein levels in the ex vivo model and the differently cultured RPMI 2650 cells, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), Western blot analysis, and indirect immunofluorescence staining were used. The functionality of the MRP transporters in the three models was assessed using efflux experiments and accumulation assays with the respective substrates and inhibitors. The mRNA and protein expression of all selected ABC transporters was detected in excised human nasal mucosa as well as in the corresponding cell culture models. Moreover, the functional expression of the MRP transport proteins was demonstrated in the three models for the first time. Therefore, the potential impact of multidrug resistance-associated proteins 1-5 on drug disposition after intranasal administration may be taken into consideration for future developments. The specimens of human nasal turbinate exhibited slightly lower efflux capacities of MRP1, MRP3, and MRP5 in relation to the submerged and ALI-cultured RPMI 2650 cells, but showed a promising comparability to both in vitro models concerning the activity of MRP2 and MRP4. In this regard, the different RPMI 2650 cell culture models will be able to provide useful experimental data in the preclinical phase to estimate the interaction of particular efflux transporters with drug candidates for nasal application.
BACKGROUND: The current study was conducted to expedite international standardized reporting of bone marrow disease in children with neuroblastoma and to improve equivalence of care. METHODS: A multidisciplinary International Neuroblastoma Response Criteria Bone Marrow Working Group was convened by the US National Cancer Institute in January 2012 with representation from Europe, North America, and Australia. Practical transferable recommendations to standardize the reporting of bone marrow disease were developed. RESULTS: To the authors' knowledge, the current study is the first to comprehensively present consensus criteria for the collection, analysis, and reporting of the percentage area of bone marrow parenchyma occupied by tumor cells in trephinebiopsies. The quantitative analysis of neuroblastoma content in bone marrow aspirates by immunocytology and reverse transcriptase-quantitative polymerase chain reaction are revised. The inclusion of paired-like homeobox 2b (PHOX2B) for immunohistochemistry and reverse transcriptase-quantitative polymerase chain reaction is recommended. Recommendations for recording bone marrow response are provided. The authors endorse the quantitative assessment of neuroblastoma cell content in bilateral core needle biopsies-trephines and aspirates in all children with neuroblastoma, with the exception of infants, in whom the evaluation of aspirates alone is advised. It is interesting to note that 5% disease is accepted as an internationally achievable level for disease assessment. CONCLUSIONS: The quantitative assessment of neuroblastoma cells is recommended to provide data from which evidence-based numerical criteria for the reporting of bone marrow response can be realized. This is particularly important in the minimal disease setting and when neuroblastoma detection in bone marrow is intermittent, where clinical impact has yet to be validated. The wide adoption of these harmonized criteria will enhance the ability to compare outcomes from different trials and facilitate collaborative trial design. (C) 2016 American Cancer Society.
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) is a pathogen emerging in hospitals as well as community and livestock. MRSA is a significant and costly public health concern because it may enter the human food chain and contaminate milk and dairy products causing foodborne illness. This study aimed to determine the occurrence and the characteristics of MRSA isolated from 3760 samples of milk and dairy products in a previous survey conducted in southern Italy during 2008-2014. Overall out of 484 S. aureus strains isolated, 40 (8.3%) were MRSA and were characterized by spa-typing, Multi-Locus Sequence Typing, SCCmec typing, Staphylococcal enterotoxins (SEs) genes, Panton-Valentine Leukocidin (PVL) genes and ability to form biofilm. The most frequently recovered STs were ST152 (t355-67.5%), followed by ST398 (t899, t108-25%), ST1 (t127-5%) and ST5 (t688-2.5%). All isolates harboured the SCCmec type V (92.5%) or IVa (25%). In one isolate (2.5%), ST398/t899, the SCCmec resulted not detected. Three isolates (7.5%) carried one or more enterotoxin encoding genes (one strain had seg, sei, sem, sen and seo genes; two strains had seh gene). The 50% of isolated strains harboured PVL-encoding genes. Molecular analysis for icaA and icaD genes showed: 72.5% icaA and icaD positive, 25% only icaD gene and one icaA and icaD negative. The detection of MRSA in food of animal origin is a potential health hazard, thus it is necessary monitoring of food producing animals and improving hygiene standards in food practices in order to reduce the microbiological risk to minimum. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
In this study, we describe the complete mitochondrial genomes of Gyrodactylus brachymystacis and Gyrodactylus parvae infecting rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) and the invasive topmouth gudgeon (Pseudorasbora parva), respectively. The two circular genomes have a common genome organization found in other Gyrodactylus species. Comparative analyses of mitochondrial genomes from six Gyrodactylus species were carried out to determine base composition, codon usage, transfer RNA and ribosomal RNA genes, major non-coding regions, and nucleotide diversity within the genus. We also provide the first universal models of the secondary structures of rrnS and rrnL for this group thereby promoting utilization of these genetic markers. Universal primers provided herein can be used to obtain more mitochondrial information for pathogen identification and may reveal different levels of molecular phylogenetic inferences for this lineage.
AimThe primary aim of this study was to evaluate 23 pathogens associated with peri-implantitis at inner part of implant connections, in peri-implant and periodontal pockets between patients suffering peri-implantitis and participants with healthy peri-implant tissues; the secondary aim was to estimate the predictive value of microbiological profile in patients wearing dental implants using data mining methods. Material and MethodsFifty participants included in the present casecontrol study were scheduled for collection of plaque samples from the peri-implant pockets, internal connection, and periodontal pocket. Real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed to quantify 23 pathogens. Three predictive models were developed using C4.5 decision trees to estimate the predictive value of microbiological profile between three experimental sites. ResultsThe final sample included 47 patients (22 healthy controls and 25 diseased cases), 90 implants (43 with healthy peri-implant tissues and 47 affected by peri-implantitis). Total and mean pathogen counts at inner portions of the implant connection, in peri-implant and periodontal pockets were generally increased in peri-implantitis patients when compared to healthy controls. The inner portion of the implant connection, the periodontal pocket and peri-implant pocket, respectively, presented a predictive value of microbiologic profile of 82.78%, 94.31%, and 97.5% of accuracy. ConclusionThis study showed that microbiological profile at all three experimental sites is differently characterized between patients suffering peri-implantitis and healthy controls. Data mining analysis identified Parvimonas micra as a highly accurate predictor of peri-implantitis when present in peri-implant pocket while this method generally seems to be promising for diagnosis of such complex infections.
In the seminiferous epithelium of the testis, Sertoli cells are key niche cells directing proliferation and differentiation of spermatogonial stem cells (SSCs) into spermatozoa. Sertoli cells produce glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF), which is essential for SSC self-renewal and progenitor expansion. While the role of GDNF in the testis stem cell niche is established, little is known about how this factor is regulated. Our previous studies on NOTCH activity in Sertoli cells demonstrated a role of this pathway in limiting stem/progenitor cell numbers, thus ultimately downregulating sperm cell output. In this study we demonstrate through a double-mutant mouse model that NOTCH signaling in Sertoli cells functions solely through the canonical pathway. Further, we demonstrate through Dual luciferase assay and chromatin immunoprecipitation quantitative polymerase chain reaction (ChIP-qPCR) analysis that the NOTCH targets HES1 and HEY1, which are transcriptional repressors, directly downregulate GDNF expression by binding to the Gdnf promoter, thus antagonizing the effects of FSH/ cAMP. Finally, we demonstrate that testicular stem/progenitors cells are activating NOTCH signaling in Sertoli cells in vivo and in vitro through the NOTCH ligand JAG1 at their surface, indicating that these cells may ensure their own homeostasis through negative feedback regulation.
Background. The performance of Plasmodium falciparum-specific histidine-rich protein 2-based rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) to evaluate suspected malaria in low-endemicity settings has not been well characterized. Methods. Using dried blood spot samples from patients with suspected malaria at 37 health facilities from 2012 to 2014 in the low-endemicity country of Swaziland, we investigated the diagnostic accuracy of histidine-rich protein 2-based RDTs using qualitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR) (nested PCR targeting the cytochrome b gene) and quantitative PCR as reference standards. To explore reasons for false-negative and/or false-positive results, we used pfhrp2/3-specific PCR and logistic regression analyses of potentially associated epidemiological factors. Results. From 1353 patients, 93.0% of RDT-positive (n = 185) and 31.2% of RDT-negative samples (n = 340) were available and selected for testing. Compared with nested PCR, the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), and negative predictive value (NPV) of RDTs were 51.7%, 94.1%, 67.3%, and 89.1%, respectively. After exclusion of samples with parasite densities <100/mu L, which accounted for 75.7% of false-negative results and 33.3% of PCR-detectable infections, the sensitivity, specificity, PPV, and NPV were 78.8%, 93.7%, 62.3%, and 97.1%. Deletions of pfhrp2 were not detected. False-positivity was more likely during the second year and was not associated with demographics, recent malaria, health facility testing characteristics, or potential DNA degradation. Conclusions. In the low-transmission setting of Swaziland, we demonstrated low sensitivity of RDT for malaria diagnosis, owing to an unexpectedly high proportion of low-density infection among symptomatic subjects. The PPV was also low, requiring further investigation. A more accurate point-of-care diagnostic may be needed to support malaria elimination efforts.
Sequential measurement of BCR-ABL1 mRNA levels by reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) is embedded in the management of patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia (CML), and has played an important role in the remarkable improvement in patient outcomes seen in this disease. As a provider of external quality assessment (EQA) in this area, UK NEQAS for Leucocyte Immunophenotyping (UKNEQAS LI) has a unique perspective on the changing face of BCR-ABL1 testing in CML. To assess the impact of technical standardisation and the development of the International Scale (IS) upon the accuracy of BCR-ABL1 testing, we reviewed EQA trial data from 2007 to 2015. Comparison of participant results identified considerable variability at both high and low levels of disease, including therapeutically important decision points; however, results converted to the IS showed less variability compared to unconverted data sets. We also found that different methods of converting to the IS produce consistently different median results within UKNEQAS LI IS data sets. This data suggests that whilst the development of the IS has improved the comparability of results between centres, there is still the need for further improvement in the processes of converting raw results to the IS in order to fully realise the benefits of molecular monitoring of CML.
Many studies use strategies that allow for the identification of a large number of genes expressed in response to different stress conditions to which the plant is subjected throughout its cycle. In order to obtain accurate and reliable results in gene expression studies, it is necessary to use reference genes, which must have uniform expression in the majority of cells in the organism studied. RNA isolation of leaves and expression analysis in real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) were carried out. In this study, nine candidate reference genes were tested, actin 11 (ACT11), ubiquitin conjugated to E2 enzyme (UBC-E2), glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH), beta tubulin (beta-tubulin), eukaryotic initiation factor 4 alpha (eIF-4 alpha), ubiquitin 10 (UBQ10), ubiquitin 5 (UBQ5), aquaporin TIP41 (TIP41-Like) and cyclophilin, in two genotypes of rice, AN Cambara and BRS Querncia, with different levels of soil moisture (20%, 10% and recovery) in the vegetative (V5) and reproductive stages (period preceding flowering). Currently, there are different softwares that perform stability analyses and define the most suitable reference genes for a particular study. In this study, we used five different methods: geNorm, BestKeeper, Delta Ct method, NormFinder and RefFinder. The results indicate that UBC-E2 and UBQ5 can be used as reference genes in all samples and softwares evaluated. The genes beta-tubulin and eIF-4 alpha, traditionally used as reference genes, along with GAPDH, presented lower stability values. The gene expression of basic leucine zipper (bZIP23 and bZIP72) was used to validate the selected reference genes, demonstrating that the use of an inappropriate reference can induce erroneous results.
Objectives: Interleukin-36 (IL-36) is a recently described proinflammatory cytokine, characterized by the induction of inflammatory mediators. In the present study, we investigated the biological activity and the signal transduction of IL-36 alpha in human pancreatic myofibroblasts. Methods: The mRNA and protein expression of inflammatory mediators was evaluated using real-time polymerase chain reaction and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, respectively. The expression of IL-36 alpha and its receptor in the pancreatic tissue was evaluated using immunohistochemical technique. Intracellular signaling pathways were evaluated using immunoblotting and specific small interference RNA-transfected cells. Results: Interleukin-36 alpha and its receptor complex IL-36R/IL-1RAcP were detected in fibrotic tissue of chronic pancreatitis. Interleukin-36 alpha dose-and time-dependently induced the mRNA expression and protein secretion of CXCL1, CXCL8, MMP-1, and MMP-3 from human pancreatic myofibroblasts. Interleukin-36 alpha assembled MyD88 adaptor proteins (MyD88, TRAF6, IRAK1, and TAK1) into a complex. Furthermore, IL-36 alpha induced the phosphorylation of mitogen-activated protein kinases and the activation of nuclear factor kappa B and activator protein 1. Mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitors and small interference RNAs specific for nuclear factor kappa B and activator protein 1 significantly suppressed the protein secretion of inflammatory mediators induced by IL-36 alpha stimulation. Conclusions: It was suggested that IL-36 alpha plays an important role in the pathophysiology of inflammation and fibrosis in the pancreas via an autocrine function.
Accurate identification of plant pathogens is crucial towards developing sustainable control strategies to ensure sustainable economic agricultural production. The aim of this study was to detect and characterize Potato virus Y (PVY) isolates infecting potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) in the Msinga district in the Province of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. Potato leaf samples exhibiting virus-like symptoms were collected from four different areas in the district. Initial detection of PVY in the leaf samples was done using triple antibody sandwich ELISA. PVY-positive samples were further tested using antibodies specific to PVY serotypes O and N. Nicotiana tabacum cv Samsun plants were individually mechanically inoculated with all 32 PVY-ELISA positive samples. Symptoms on inoculated tobacco plants were monitored over a 4-week period. They consisted of vein clearing, faint mosaic patterns, and the veinal necrosis, symptoms characteristic of PVYN, PVY(N)Wilga and PVYNTN strains. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction, using primers specific to the coat protein gene of PVY, was performed as a confirmation test on total RNA of four randomly selected PVY-ELISA positive samples, each sample representing each of the four areas surveyed. Strains PVYN and PVYO were identified. The second part of the study aimed to analyse the full genome sequences of the PVY isolates A4, KD2, MOD1 and SneP3, in order to understand the evolution of the virus in Msinga. To achieve this, total RNA, extracted from tobacco leaves (N. tabacum cv Samsun) that had been inoculated with the selected four PVY isolates, was used as a template for next generation sequencing (NGS). NGS was run on Illumina HiSeq using paired-end chemistry 125 x 125bp reads. de novo assembly of the generated reads was performed. The resulting contigs were subjected to BLAST on the GenBank database in order to identify PVY genomes. The PVY isolates were aligned with closely related non-recombinant PVY sequences comprising of the following strains: PVYN, PVYO, PVYNTN, and PVYC. Recombination events were assessed using RDP4 software. Phylogenetic results revealed that PVY isolate SneP3 belonged to the PVYNTN strain while isolate PVYMOD1 to the PVY N Wilga strain group. Recombination analyses confirmed the occurrence of PVY recombinant strains in the Msinga district. The widespread presence of PVY and occurrence of recombinant strains in Msinga has serious implications on the management of PVY diseases by small-scale farmers growing potato for a livelihood. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Testicular maturation arrest is characterized by interruption of germ cell development and differentiation. Genetic factors play important role in the causation of human disease, including male infertility. The objective was to study copy number variations in testicular maturation arrest using single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) microarray technique. Conventional cytogenetics, targeted fluorescence insitu hybridization (FISH) and sequence-tagged site (STS) polymerase chain reaction (PCR) were used to confirm some of the SNP microarray findings. SNP microarray on 68 cases of testicular maturation arrest detected copy number variations (CNVs) mostly on sex chromosomes involving pseudoautosomal regions (PAR) 1, 2 and 3 as well as azoospermic factors (AZFs) besides three cases of chromosomal abnormalities (two Klinefelter syndromes and one case of dicentric Y). The AZF deletion was observed in 14 (20.6%) cases and the AZFc gain was observed in 6 (8.8%) cases. PAR 1 and 2 CNVs was observed in 5 (7.3%) cases. PAR 3 CNVs was detected in 19 cases and 2 controls. The TSPY2 gene gain (within PAR 3 CNVs) was observed in 16 cases and 1 control. CNV containing autosomal genes possibly associated with male infertility in this study was SPATA31A2-A5 (9p12) in five cases. In this study, SNP microarray identified possible underlying aetiology in 55.9% (38/68) cases besides identifying minimal critical region of AZFc deletion as 0.51mb (Y:24356128-24873665) involving TTY5, RBMY2FP, RBMY1F, RBMY1J, TTY6 and PRY genes. SNP microarray seems superior, sensitive, specific as well as cost-effective method and has potential to be the first tier investigations to explore underlying genomic factors of testicular maturation arrest. The present study is an attempt to find out probable genomic factors with idiopathic testicular maturation arrest.
Background:Extrapulmonary tuberculosis (EPTB) constitutes about 15% to 20% of all cases of tuberculosis (TB). The confirmation of EPTB has always been a challenge to laboratory personnel. We aim to evaluate the diagnostic potential of immunostaining with anti-MPT64 in various EPTB specimens.Materials and Methods:We studied a total of 51 TB cases and 38 non-TB control specimens comprising of fine-needle aspirates and formalin-fixed biopsies. These were investigated using a combination of the Ziehl-Neelsen method, the Lowenstein-Jensen culture, immunostaining with anti-MPT64 and anti-BCG, and nested-polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for IS6110. Results of all the tests were compared using nested-PCR as the gold standard.Results:Diagnostic validation of immunostaining for anti-MPT64 was performed using nested-PCR as the gold standard. The overall sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values for immunostaining with anti-MPT64 were 100%, 97%, 97%, and 100%, respectively.Conclusions:Immunostaining using anti-MPT64 is a rapid and sensitive method for establishing an early and specific diagnosis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection. The technique is simple to be incorporated into routine pathology laboratories.
The aim of this study was to characterize the ways of spreading of the most common bacterial species isolated from workers as well as from the air and raw materials at the workplaces in power plant utilizing biomass sources. To monitor microbial transmission and identify the source of contamination in the working environment, a combination of molecular and biochemical methods was applied. The study was carried out at workplaces in power plant utilizes biomass as a main fuel source. At each of the studied workplaces, bioaerosol particles were collected on sterile Teflon filters using personal conical inhalable samplers (CIS), and biomass samples (straw pellets and briquettes, corn briquettes, sunflower pellets and wood chips) were directly taken from their storage places. Simultaneously with that, the swab samples from the hands of ten workers and their used respiratory masks (of FFP2 class) were also collected after the work shift to evaluate individual workers' microbial contamination. In all collected samples, total bacterial concentrations were assessed and the most common microbial isolates were identified to the species level using both biochemical (API tests) and molecular polymerase chain reaction (PCR), followed by random amplification of polymorphic DNA (RAPD) typing methods. The mean concentrations of culturable bacteria in the air and in biomass samples at the studied workplaces were high, i.e. 1.2 x 10(6)cfu/m(3) and 3.8 x 10(4)cfu/g, respectively. The number of bacteria in the swab and mask samples also reached a high level of 1.4 x 10(4) cfu/ml and 1.9 x 10(3) cfu/cm(2), respectively. Among the most frequently isolated microorganisms from all types of samples were Gram-positive bacteria of the genus Bacillus and Staphylococcus xylosus. 37 bacterial strains belonging to the genus Bacillus (B. licheniformis 8, B. pumilus 15 and B. subtilis 4) and Staphylococcus (10) were genotyped by the RAPD-PCR method. Based on RAPD-PCR analyses, the genomic similarity among 19 Bacillus strains isolated from biomass, air, protective mask and hand samples as well as 6 S. xylosus strains isolated from air, mask and hand samples exceeded 80%. This study demonstrated that biomass is the primary source of bacteria at power plant workplaces. These results also revealed that biomass-associated bacteria can be easily transferred to workers' hands and mask during their routine activities. To improve health protection at the workplaces, adequate training courses on hand hygiene and how to use and remove respiratory masks correctly for workers should be introduced as a key element of the prevention strategy. From the occupational point of view, the PCR-based methods seem to be an efficient tool for a fast and precise typing of bacterial strains isolated from different sources in the occupational environment. Such methods may help to implement appropriate prophylactic procedures and minimize transmission of infectious agents at workplaces.
Alveolar bone resorption caused by trauma or periodontal diseases has represented a challenge for both dental clinicians and researchers. In this study, we evaluate the osteogenic potential of human gingival fibroblasts (HGFs) through a direct transdifferentiation from HGFs to functional osteoblasts via epigenetic modification and osteogenic signaling with bone morphogenetic protein 2 (BMP2) in vitro and in vivo. HGF treatment with 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (5-aza-dC) induced demethylation in the hypermethylated CpG islands of the osteogenic lineage marker genes RUNX2 and ALP, and subsequent BMP2 treatment successfully drove the fibroblasts to the osteoblasts' lineage. Cell morphological changes viewed under microscopy and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and alizarin red S (ARS) staining confirmed the osteoblastic change mediated by epigenetic modification as did real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR), methylation-specific PCR (MSP), and chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay, which demonstrated the altered methylation patterns in the RUNX2 and ALP promoter regions and their effect on gene expression. Furthermore, micro-computed tomography (CT) analysis of in vivo mouse cell transplantation experiments showed high-density signal in the epigenetically modified HGF group; in addition, a significant amount of bone formation was observed in the transplanted material using hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) staining as well. Collectively, our results indicate that epigenetic modification permits the direct programming of HGFs into functional osteoblasts, suggesting that this approach might open a novel therapeutic avenue in alveolar bone regeneration.
Background: Erythropoietin (EPO), an essential stimulator of erythropoiesis produced by the fetal liver, is important both in vascular remodeling and modulation of the endothelial response in the pulmonary vasculature. In addition, EPO guides alveolar development, along with retinoic acid (RA). EPO is a direct target of RA, and the retinoid pathway is altered in the nitrofen-induced congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH) model. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that the synthesis of EPO is suppressed in a rat model of CDH. Materials and Methods: Pregnant rats were treated with either nitrofen or vehicle on gestational day 9 (D9). Fetuses were sacrificed on D19 and D21 and divided into control and CDH groups. Immunohistochemistry and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) were performedto determine the expression ofEPOin the fetal liver and kidney. We also estimated the expression of EPO receptor in the fetal lung. Results: The relative EPO mRNA expression in the liver on D19 and in the kidney on D21 were significantly lower in the CDH group than in the controls (P = 0.0008 and P = 0.0064, respectively). In addition, the results of immunohistochemistry supported the findings from the RT-PCR analysis. No significant changes were noted in the expression pattern or EPO receptor levels in the fetal lungs of the CDH group compared to the controls. Conclusions: Our results reveal the suppressed EPO synthesis in the CDH fetus, which may contribute to the pathogenesis of lung hypoplasia and modification of pulmonary vasculature in the CDH rat model. (C) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Mutations in the connection and RNase H C-terminal reverse transcriptase (RT) domains of HIV-1 have been shown to impact drug resistance to RT inhibitors. However, their impact in the context of non-B subtypes has been poorly assessed. This study aimed to characterize resistance-related mutations in the C-terminal portions of RT in treatment-failing patients from southern Brazil, a region with endemic HIV-1 subtype C (HIV-1C). Viral RNA was isolated and reverse transcribed from 280 infected subjects, and genomic regions were analyzed by polymerase chain reaction, DNA sequencing, and phylogenetic analysis. Two novel mutations, M357R and E529D, were evidenced in Brazilian HIV-1C strains from treatment-failing patients. In global viral isolates of subjects on treatment, M357R was selected in HIV-1C and CRF01_AE and E529D was selected in HIV-1 subtype B (HIV-1B). While most C-terminal RT mutations described for HIV-1B also occur in HIV-1C, this work pinpointed novel mutations that display subtype-specific predominance or occurrence.
Objectives: Besides group A streptococcus (GAS), microbial causes of pharyngitis in children are not well known. We aimed to document the viral and bacterial aetiology of pharyngitis and to assess the pathogenic role of viruses by determining the myxovirus resistance protein A (MxA) in the blood as a marker of interferon response. Methods: In this prospective observational study, throat swabs and blood samples were collected from children (age 1-16 years) presenting to the emergency department with febrile pharyngitis. Microbial cause was sought by bacterial culture, polymerase chain reaction, and serology. Blood MxA level was determined. Results: A potential pathogen was detected in 88% of 83 patients: GAS alone in 10%, GAS and viruses in 13%, group C or G streptococci alone in 2% and together with viruses in 3%, and viruses alone in 59% of cases. Enteroviruses, rhinoviruses, and adenoviruses were the most frequently detected viruses. Blood MxA levels were higher in children with viral (880 [245-1250] mu g/L; median [IQR]) or concomitant GAS-viral (340 [150-710] mu g/L) than in those with sole GAS (105 [80-160] mu g/L) infections. Conclusions: Detection of respiratory viruses simultaneously with elevated blood MxA levels supports the causative role of viruses in the majority of children with pharyngitis. (C) 2017 The British Infection Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Pacific coast tick, Dermacentor occidentalis Marx, is found throughout California and can harbor agents that cause human diseases such as anaplasmosis, ehrlichiosis, tularemia, Rocky Mountain spotted fever and rickettsiosis 364D. Previous studies have demonstrated that nonpathogenic endosymbiotic bacteria can interfere with Rickettsia co-infections in other tick species. We hypothesized that within D. occidentalis ticks, interference may exist between different nonpathogenic endosymbiotic or nonendosymbiotic bacteria and Spotted Fever group Rickettsia (SFGR). Using PCR amplification and sequencing of the romp A gene and intergenic region we identified a cohort of SFGR-infected and non-infected D. occidentalis ticks collected from San Diego County. We then amplified a partial segment of the 16S rRNA gene and used next-generation sequencing to elucidate the microbiomes and levels of co-infection in the ticks. The SFGR R. philipii str. 364D and R. rhipicephali were detected in 2.3% and 8.2% of ticks, respectively, via romp. A sequencing. Interestingly, next generation sequencing revealed an inverse relationship between the number of Francisella- like endosymbiont (FLE) 16S rRNA sequences and Rickettsia 16S rRNA sequences within individual ticks that is consistent with partial interference between FLE and SFGR infecting ticks. After excluding the Rickettsia and FLE endosymbionts from the analysis,there was a small but significant difference in microbial community diversity and a pattern of geographic isolation by distance between collection locales. In addition, male ticks had a greater diversity of bacteria than female ticks and ticks that weren't infected with SFGR had similar microbiomes to canine skin microbiomes. Although experimental studies are required for confirmation, our findings are consistent with the hypothesis that FLEs and, to a lesser extent, other bacteria, interfere with the ability of D. occidentalis to be infected with certain SFGR. The results also raise interesting possibilities about the effects of putative vertebrate hosts on the tick microbiome.
Objective-Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is associated with the premature development of cardiovascular disease. The platelet-endothelium interaction is important in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease. In this study, we investigated the platelet phenotype from patients with SLE and matched controls, and their effect on endothelial cells. Approach and Results-Platelet aggregability was measured in 54 SLE subjects off antiplatelet therapy (mean age 40.112.8 years; 82% female; 37% white) with age- and sex-matched controls. Platelets were coincubated with human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and changes to gene expression assessed by an RNA array and quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. SLE disease activity index ranged from 0 to 22 (mean 5.1 +/- 3.9). Compared with controls, patients with SLE had significantly increased monocyte and leukocyte-platelet aggregation and platelet aggregation in response to submaximal agonist stimulation. An agnostic microarray of HUVECs cocultured with SLE platelets found a platelet-mediated effect on endothelial gene pathways involved in cell activation. Sera from SLE versus control subjects significantly increased (1) activation of control platelets; (2) platelet adhesion to HUVECs; (3) platelet-induced HUVEC gene expression of interleukin-8, and intercellular adhesion molecule 1; and (4) proinflammatory gene expression in HUVECs, mediated by interleukin-1-dependent pathway. Incubation of SLE-activated platelets with an interleukin-1-neutralizing antibody or HUVECs pretreated with interleukin-1 receptor antibodies attenuated the platelet-mediated activation of endothelial cells. Conclusions-Platelet activity measurements and subsequent interleukin-1-dependent activation of the endothelium are increased in subjects with SLE. Platelet-endothelial interactions may play a role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease in patients with SLE.
Streptococcus mutans, the primary etiologic agent of dental caries, can gain access to the bloodstream and has been associated with cardiovascular disease. However, the roles of S.mutans in inflammation in cardiovascular disease remain unclear. The aim of this study was to examine cytokine production induced by S.mutans in human aortic endothelial cells (HAECs) and to evaluate the participation of toll-like receptors (TLRs) and cytoplasmic nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain (NOD) -like receptors in HAECs. Cytokine production by HAECs was determined using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays, and the expression of TLRs and NOD-like receptors was evaluated by real-time polymerase chain reaction, flow cytometry and immunocytochemistry. The involvement of TLR2 and NOD2 in cytokine production by invaded HAECs was examined using RNA interference. The invasion efficiencies of S.mutans strains were evaluated by means of antibiotic protection assays. Five of six strains of S.mutans of various serotypes induced interleukin-6, interleukin-8 and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 production by HAECs. All S.mutans strains upregulated TLR2 and NOD2 mRNA levels in HAECs. Streptococcus mutans Xc upregulated the intracellular TLR2 and NOD2 protein levels in HAECs. Silencing of the TLR2 and NOD2 genes in HAECs invaded by S.mutans Xc led to a reduction in interleukin-6, interleukin-8 and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 production. Cytokine production induced by invasive S.mutans via intracellular TLR2 and NOD2 in HAECs may be associated with inflammation in cardiovascular disease.
Glioma is the most common primary malignant tumor of the central nervous system, which results in both a poor prognosis and outcome because of the aggressive progression of disease, growth and resistance to surgery, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy. MiR-140-5p is a small, non-coding single-stranded RNA molecule, which was previously studied in the settings of human tongue cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma, and colorectal cancer. However, detailed data that formally demonstrate the contribution of miR-140-5p to glioma development are missing. Similarly, relatively little is known about the relationship of miR-140-5p, vascular endothelial growth factor A, and matrix metalloproteinase-2 in glioma progression. In this study, we found that miR-140-5p expression was significantly decreased in glioma tissues and in the glioma cell-lines U87 and U251 as compared with non-cancerous brain tissues by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. In addition, miR-140-5p inhibited glioma cell proliferation and invasion and promoted glioma cell apoptosis both in vivo and in vitro. Interestingly, while the expression levels of miR-140-5p were higher in glioma cells, the messenger RNA or protein expression levels of vascular endothelial growth factor A and matrix metalloproteinase-2 were lower in glioma cells as determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction, western blot assay, and immunohistochemistry. By contrast, downregulation in the expression levels of miR-140-5p augmented the messenger RNA and protein expression levels of both vascular endothelial growth factor A and matrix metalloproteinase-2. These findings suggested that miR-140-5p inhibited glioma proliferation and invasion by regulating the vascular endothelial growth factor A/matrix metalloproteinase-2 signaling pathway both in vitro and in vivo.
To investigate whether activation of the liver X receptors (LXRs) inhibits amyloid beta(1-40) (A beta(1-40)) induced inflammatory and senescent responses in human retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells. Confluent cultures of human primary RPE and ARPE-19 cells pretreated with 5 mu Ie of TO901317 (TO90), a synthetic agonist of LXR, or vehicle were incubated with 1 mu Ie of A beta(1-40) or A beta(40-1). The optimum concentrations of A beta(1-40) and TO90 were determined by cell viability assay. Pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-6, IL-8, MCP-1 were detected by real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Expression and localization of an aging protein p16INK4a (p16) were analyzed by western blotting and immunofluorescence. Expressions of LXRs and one of their target genes ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) were examined by real-time PCR and western blotting. Phosphorylated transcription inhibition factor-kappa B-alpha (p-I kappa B-alpha) was assessed by western blotting. A negative linear relationship between the A beta(1-40) concentration and the cell viability was evident, indicating A beta(1-40) decreased ARPE-19 cell viability in a dose-dependent manner. A beta(1-40) enhanced the expression of IL-6, IL-8, MCP-1 as well as p16 in both RPE cell lines at both mRNA and protein levels, whereas TO90 counteracted the detrimental effects. TO90 upregulated the expression of LXR alpha and its target gene ABCA1, but it did not affect the expression of LXR beta. Meanwhile, TO90 inhibited the phosphorylation of I kappa B-alpha mediated by A beta(1-40) stimulation. Activation of the LXR alpha-ABCA1 axis may alleviate A beta(1-40) induced inflammatory and senescent responses in RPE cells. The beneficial effect appears associated with the inhibition of the NF-kappa B signaling pathway.
Osteoclasts and chondroclasts are necessary, during endochondral ossification, for the resorption of primary bone and calcified cartilage septa, respectively. The bisphosphonates inhibit mineralized tissue resorption by various mechanisms according to the different types of this drug, which can affect bone remodeling during skeletal growth. The objective of the present study is to analyze the way that alendronate (ALN) and etidronate (ETN) can affect osteoclastogenesis and bone formation during endochondral ossification of the long bones of growing rats. Newborn Wistar rats were treated daily with ETN, ALN, or sterile saline solution (control) for 21 days. Their femur and tibiae epiphyses were radiographed and analyzed by light, scanning and transmission electron microscopy. The expression of genes related to osteogenesis and to osteoclast differentiation and activity were analyzed by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction. The ETN group presented reduced body weight, disorganized growth plate and an extended area of cartilage in the ossification zone with little bone matrix; in the ALN group, this area was not altered. The ALN presented latent TRAP-positive cells, whereas in the ETN group, they were activated. The expression of NF kappa B1 and 2, OPG, Spp1 and Runx2 in the ossification zone was reduced by both bisphosphonates. RANKL expression was reduced by ETN, whereas ALN decreased the expression of RANK. The results also indicated that, in addition to the anti-resorptive effect of the drugs, disturbances in bone deposition occurred concomitantly with the reduced expression of osteogenesis-related genes.
Objective: To access a new step using PCR to amplify the targeted mtDNA sequence for detecting specifically Plasmodium vivax and its co-infections, false positive and false negative results with Plasmodium falciparum. Methods: In this study we have standardized a new technical approach in which the target mitochondrial DNA sequence (mtDNA) was amplified by using a PCR technique as a tool to detect Plasmodium spp. Species specific primers were designed to hybridize with cytochrome c oxidase gene of P. vivax (cox I) and P. falciparum (cox III). Two hundred blood samples were collected on the basis of clinical symptoms which were initially examined through microscopic analysis after preparing Giemsa stained thick and thin blood smears. Afterwards genomic DNA was extracted from all samples and was then subjected to PCR amplification by using species specific primers and amplified segments were sequenced for confirmation of results. Results: One-hundred and thirty-two blood samples were detected as positive for malaria by PCR, out of which 64 were found to be positive by PCR and 53 by both microscopy and PCR for P. vivax infection. Nine samples were found to be false negative, one P. vivax mono infection was declared as co infection by PCR and 3 samples identified as having P. falciparum gametes were confirmed as P. vivax by PCR amplification. Sensitivity and specificity were found to be 85% and 92% respectively. Conclusion: Results obtained through PCR method were comparatively better and reliable than microscopy.
Purpose: To correlate visual acuity outcomes and clinical features with quantitative PCR DNA copy number in patients with acute retinal necrosis (ARN). Methods: Retrospective, consecutive case series. Results: In total, 14 eyes of 13 patients were diagnosed with ARN, based on the American Uveitis Society criteria, and were followed for a mean of 324.5 days (median 250.5 days, SD +/- 214 days). Anterior chamber fluid analyzed by quantitative PCR identified viral DNA in 11 of 14 eyes (78.5%). Varicella zoster virus (VZV) was identified in seven eyes (50%) and herpes simplex virus (HSV) in four eyes (28.5%). Mean DNA copy number was 7.9 x 10(6)/mL (median 2.10 x 10(6)/mL, range: 0-5.60 x 10(7)/mL). Eyes with quantitative PCR DNA copy number of 5.0 x 10(6)/mL (n = 6 eyes) had worse baseline visual acuity (logMAR 1.48 +/- 0.71 vs 0.94 +/- 0.76, p = 0.196) and final visual acuity (logMAR 2.10 +/- 0.60 vs 0.82 +/- 0.81, p = 0.007) compared with patients with a DNA copy number <5.0 x 10(6)/mL (n = 8 eyes). Patients with a DNA copy number of 5.0 x 10(6)/mL were more likely to have at least 5 clock hours of retinitis on funduscopic exam (p = 0.03) and developed retinal detachment more frequently (p = 0.08). Conclusions: Quantitative DNA copy number of 5.0 x 10(6)/mL is associated with more extensive retinitis, worse visual acuity, and development of retinal detachment in patients with acute retinal necrosis.
Traceability of foods has become very important problem respect to food quality and typicalness of foods. Cheeses' milk origin cannot be identified by the consumer and they are sold at different prices under various product names. Recently, this has caused the problem of 'adulteration'. The aim of this study is to determine the amount and origin of milk used in cheese production by using real-time PCR which has been used for identification of animal species in dairy products. In this study, 90 different cheeses offered for sale in Turkey of 30 brands from various sources such as cow, sheep and goat have been studied. At the end of the study, only 36.67% of samples were determined to be produced from 100% cow milk. In the remaining 1333%, a mixture of goat and sheep milk have been found. Only one sample of sheep cheese was produced from 100% sheep milk. In goat cheese samples, 16.67% of cheese was produced from 100% sheep milk and the origin of only 10% was identified as 100% cow milk. No linear relationship could be determined between chemical composition, fatty acids ratios and amount and origin of cheeses (P < 0.05). (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
BACKGROUND CONTEXT: Degenerative disc disease (DDD) remains without an effective therapy and presents a costly burden to society. PURPOSE: Based upon prior reports concerning the effects of notochordal cell-conditioned medium (NCCM) on disc cells, we performed a proof of principle study to determine whether NCCM could reduce cytotoxic stress-induced apoptosis in human disc nucleus pulposus (NP) cells. STUDY DESIGN/ SETTING: This is an "in vitro" fundamental or basic science study. METHODS: Nucleus pulpous cells derived from 15 patients undergoing spinal surgery were treated with interleukin (IL)-1 beta and Fas ligand or etoposide in the presence of NCCM. We determined proor antiapoptotic events using activated caspase assays and determined genomic regulation of apoptosis using polymerase chain reaction arrays validated usingWestern blotting methods. We interrogated cellular apoptotic regulation using JC-1 dye and flow cytometry and performed enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays to evaluate NP inflammatory cytokine secretion. RESULTS: Notochordal cell-conditioned medium inhibits cytotoxic stress-induced caspase-9 and -3/7 activities and maintains the mitochondrial membrane potential in human NPcells, thereby suppressing the intrinsic apoptotic pathway. Gene expression analysis revealed the X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein as a key player responsible for evading etoposide-induced apoptosis in the presence ofNCCM, and we verified these data using Western blotting. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay results revealed distinct differences in IL-6 and IL-8 secretions by NP cells in response to etoposide in the presence of NCCM. CONCLUSIONS: Here we demonstrate for the first time that NCCM reduces cytotoxic stressinduced apoptosis in human NP cells. Soluble factors present in NCCM could be harnessed for the development of novel therapeutics for the treatment of DDD. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Background: Aloe vera (A. v) have been used traditionally for topical treatment of wounds and burns in different countries for centuries, but the mechanism of this effect is not well understood. Various growth factors are implicated in the process of wound healing. Among the different growth factors involved in the process, TGF beta 1 and bFGF are the most importantly expressed in fibroblast cells. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of A. v on the expression of angiogenesis growth factors in mouse embryonic fibroblast cells. Methods: We exposed mouse embryonic fibroblast cells to different concentrations of A. v (50, 100 and 150 mu g/ml) at two different time of 12 and 24 h. Fibroblast cell without A. v treatment serves as the control. The expression of TGF beta 1 and bFGF was measured by real time-polymerase chain reaction (real-time-PCR) and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) at the level of gene and protein. Results: We observed that A.v gel at first up-regulated the expression of TGF beta 1 and bFGF, but, these genes were later repressed after a particular time. Conclusion: Our results demonstrated that A. v was dose-dependent and time-dependent on the expression of bFGF and TGFb1 in fibroblast cell in vitro. This mechanism can be employed in the prospective treatment of physical lesion. (C) 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Caspian horse, a rare horse breed found in 1965 by Louise Firouz in northern Iran, is a small horse which is reported to be in danger of extinction in its original homeland. There seems to be a great need to prevent extinction of this valuable horse. In this study, 51 fibroblast cell lines from Caspian horse ear marginal tissue were successfully established by sampling 60 horses using primary explant technique. Cells were authenticated and growth curve was plotted. According to results obtained, population doubling time (PDT) was calculated 23 +/- 0.5 h for all cell lines. Multiplex polymerase chain reaction (multiplex PCR) revealed that cell lines had no cross-contamination with other species. Bacteria, fungi, and mycoplasma contamination were checked using standard methods such as PCR, direct culture, and Hoechst staining. In addition to providing a valuable source for genomic, postgenomic, and somatic cloning researches, the established cell lines would preserve Caspian horse genetic resources. It will also create an accessible database for researchers.
Background and ObjectivePeriodontal disease pathogenesis is comprised of the complex inflammatory immune response to oral bacterial dysbiosis. Like other inflammatory diseases, there is sexual dimorphism evident in periodontal diseases. During periodontitis, inflammatory chemokines direct neutrophils to migrate to the site of infection to neutralize the pathogen. Interestingly, these same chemokines are also involved in regulating pathogen-induced osteoclast formation. Previous reports show differences in bone turnover and lymphocyte recruitment between sexes. We hypothesize that chemokine expression is differentially regulated by sex and thus results in differential osteoclast formation. Material and MethodsMale and female mice were utilized to isolate neutrophils based on expression of Ly6G-specific, as well as defined osteoclast progenitors. Cells were stimulated with lipopolysaccharide (LPS; 100 ng/mL) then analyzed for neutrophil infiltration and gene expression. Defined osteoclast progenitors were primed: macrophage-colony stimulating factor (25 ng/mL), receptor activator of NF-B ligand (50 ng/mL), then stimulated with LPS. Osteoclasts were enumerated via TRAP stain and mRNA isolated for gene expression analysis via quantitative polymerase chain reaction. ResultsIn response to LPS, male neutrophils in vitro respond with increased chemokine expression and significantly more osteoclast formed in response to LPS compared to females. ConclusionsFindings support observations in humans regarding a sexual dimorphism in oral bacterial infections of alveolar bone loss. Males have a strong inflammatory response to bacterial infection, resulting in increased inflammatory microenvironment, reduced pathogenic bacteria clearance and increased osteoclast-driven bone loss in response to differential expression of key chemokines.
Purpose To evaluate the characteristic multidetector CT findings of peritoneal tuberculous (TB) cold abscesses. Patients and methods The morphological characteristics of 48 peritoneal TB cold abscesses in 29 patients (male:female = 13:16; age range 16-75 years) were retrospectively evaluated. TB infection was histologically proven by acid fast bacilli (AFB) smear or culture, TB-polymerase chain reaction (PCR), or histopathological specimen diagnosis. Results Seventeen abscesses (35.4%) were present in the right perihepatic space, 10 (20.8%) in the left subphrenic space, 6 (12.5%) in the right subphrenic space, 4 (8.3%) in the pelvic cavity, 3 (6.3%) in the left perihepatic space, 3 (6.3%) in the right lower quadrant, and so on. The abscess contents ranged from 10.4 to 61.4 Hounsfield units. Internal septa (64.6%), central necrotic lymphadenopathy (55.2%), and TB coinfections in other organs (65.5%) were observed. TB infection was histopathologically confirmed from the surgical specimens in 17 patients and other 4 patients revealed the positive TB-PCR results from the peritoneal fluid. Ten patients (34.5%) had a recent history of TB peritonitis with ascites. Conclusion Peritoneal TB cold abscesses were commonly found in the right perihepatic and subphrenic spaces and revealed higher density of internal content, frequent internal septa, central necrotic lymphadenopathy, and high TB coinfections in other organs.
Background: The recommended screening of rabies in `suspect' animal cases involves testing fresh brain tissue. The preservation of fresh tissue however can be difficult under field conditions and formalin fixation provides a simple alternative that may allow a confirmatory diagnosis. The occurrence and location of histopathological changes and immunohistochemical (IHC) labelling for rabies in formalin fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) canine brain is described in samples from 57 rabies suspect cases from Sri-Lanka. The presence of Negri bodies and immunohistochemical detection of rabies virus antigen were evaluated in the cortex, hippocampus, cerebellum and brainstem. The effect of autolysis and artefactual degeneration of the tissue was also assessed. Results: Rabies was confirmed in 53 of 57 (93%) cases by IHC. IHC labelling was statistically more abundant in the brainstem. Negri bodies were observed in 32 of 53 (60.4%) of the positive cases. Although tissue degradation had no effect on IHC diagnosis, it was associated with an inability to detect Negri bodies. In 13 cases, a confirmatory Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing for rabies virus RNA was undertaken by extracting RNA from fresh frozen tissue, and also attempted using FFPE samples. PCR detection using fresh frozen samples was in agreement with the IHC results. The PCR method from FFPE tissues was suitable for control material but unsuccessful in our field cases. Conclusions: Histopathological examination of the brain is essential to define the differential diagnoses of behaviour modifying conditions in rabies virus negative cases, but it is unreliable as the sole method for rabies diagnosis, particularly where artefactual change has occurred. Formalin fixation and paraffin embedding does not prevent detection of rabies virus via IHC labelling even where artefactual degeneration has occurred. This could represent a pragmatic secondary assay for rabies diagnosis in the field because formalin fixation can prevent sample degeneration. The brain stem was shown to be the site with most viral immunoreactivity; supporting recommended sampling protocols in favour of improved necropsy safety in the field. PCR testing of formalin fixed tissue may be successful in certain circumstances as an alternative test.
In the present study, sediment was spiked with bisphenol A (BPA) solution to explore the interaction between indigenous bacterial communities and BPA biodegradation in sediment. Results showed that BPA could be adsorbed to the sediment and then biodegraded rapidly. Biodegradation efficiency of BPA in treatments with 10 and 50 mg/L BPA reached 64.3 and 61.8% on the first day, respectively. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction and denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis analysis indicated that BPA affected the densities, species, and diversities of bacteria significantly. The response of bacterial community to BPA favored BPA biodegradation by promoting the growth of BPA-reducing bacteria and inhibiting other competitors. According to the results of sequencing, Pseudomonas and Sphingomonas played vital roles in the degradation of BPA. They presented over 73% of the original bacterial community, and both of them were promoted by BPA comparing with controls. Laccase and polyphenol oxidase contributed to the degradation of BPA and metabolic intermediates, respectively. This paper illustrates the rapid biodegradation of BPA induced by the response of indigenous bacterial communities to the BPA stress, which will improve the understandings of BPA degradation in sediment.
Purpose: To evaluate the effect of fractionated irradiation (FI) on tumor cells' sensitivity to ionizing radiation (IR) and antineoplastic drugs, and examine the potential of early growth response-1 (EGR-1) inhibition to sensitize tumor cells to IR. Materials and methods: PC3 and HepG2 cells were subjected 10 times to gamma-rays at 2 Gy. The surviving cells were named PC3/R and HepG2/R, respectively. The cells' sensitivity to irradiation and chemotherapeutic drugs, including cisplatin (PT), doxorubicin (DOX), mitomycin C (MMC) and 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), were identified by colony formation assay and MMT method, respectively. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) analysis was utilized to compare the difference of gene expression between radioresistant cells and parental cells. The small interfering RNA system was implemented to inhibit endogenous EGR-1 expression in radiation-resistant cells. Western blot was employed to identify the possible mechanism by which EGR-1 regulates cells' radiosensitivity. Results: FI induced cross-resistant to IR and MMC in tumor cells. Along with the reduction of ovarian cancer-2/disabled homolog 2 (DOC-2/DAB2) interactive protein (DAB2IP) expression, EGR-1 gene was upregulated in FI-treated cells. On the other hand, downregulation of EGR-1 gene expression sensitized radioresistant cells to IR accompanied by DAB2IP overexpression and STAT3 inactivation. In addition, NF-kappa B inhibitor, BAY11-7082 enhanced resistant cells' radiosensitivity and chemosensitivity. Conclusions: Conventionally FI has a higher risk of forming acquired radioresistance (ARR) in vitro. EGR-1 gene-targeted drug design could be an effective strategy to overcome DAB2IP-dysregulation-induced ARR in tumor patients.
Purpose The aim of the study was to investigate two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in PTK2 for associations with human muscle strength phenotypes in healthy men. Methods Measurement of maximal isometric voluntary knee extension (MVCKE) torque, net MVCKE torque and vastus lateralis (VL) specific force, using established techniques, was completed on 120 Caucasian men (age = 20.6 +/- 2.3 year; height = 1.79 +/- 0.06 m; mass = 75.0 +/- 10.0 kg; mean +/- SD). All participants provided either a blood (n = 96) or buccal cell sample, from which DNA was isolated and genotyped for the PTK2 rs7843014 A/C and rs7460 A/T SNPs using real-time polymerase chain reaction. Results Genotype frequencies for both SNPs were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium (X-2= 0.436). VL specific force was 8.3% higher in rs7843014 AA homozygotes than C-allele carriers (P = 0.017) and 5.4% higher in rs7460 AA homozygotes than T-allele carriers (P = 0.029). No associations between either SNP and net MVCKE torque (P = 0.094) or peak MVCKE torque (P = 0.107) were observed. Conclusions These findings identify a genetic contribution to the inter-individual variability within muscle specific force and provides the first independent replication, in a larger Caucasian cohort, of an association between these PTK2 SNPs and muscle specific force, thus extending our understanding of the influence of genetic variation on the intrinsic strength of muscle.
Astragaloside IV, the active component of Astragalus membranaceus, exhibits diverse biological roles including the antitumor activity. In this study, we evaluated the chemosensitive role of astragaloside IV in non-small cell lung cancer cells. Cell Counting Kit-8 analysis was performed to determine cell viability. Real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot were used to measure the messenger RNA and protein expression. Results showed that astragaloside IV treatment could suppress the proliferation of non-small cell lung cancer cells. In addition, combined treatment with astragaloside IV remarkably enhanced the chemosensitivity to gefitinib in three non-small cell lung cancer cell lines including NCI-H1299, HCC827, and A549. Furthermore, compared with gefitinib-treated cells, the messenger RNA expression of SIRT6 was obviously increased in non-small cell lung cancer cells treated with gefitinib combined with astragaloside IV. In addition, downregulation of SIRT6 was accomplished using small interference RNA technology. As a result, SIRT6 inhibition abolished the sensitization role of astragaloside IV in non-small cell lung cancer cells. Taken together, these data demonstrated that astragaloside IV sensitized tumor cells to gefitinib via regulation of SIRT6, suggesting that astragaloside IV may serve as potential therapeutic approach for lung cancer.
Adenosine triphosphate- binding cassette proteins constitute a large family of active transporters through extracellular and intracellular membranes. Increased drug efflux based on adenosine triphosphate- binding cassette protein activity is related to the development of cancer cell chemoresistance. Several articles have focused on adenosine triphosphate- binding cassette gene expression profiles ( signatures), based on the expression of all 49 human adenosine triphosphate- binding cassette genes, in individual tumor types and reported connections to established clinicopathological features. The aim of this study was to test our theory about the existence of adenosine triphosphate- binding cassette gene expression profiles common to multiple types of tumors, which may modify tumor progression and provide clinically relevant information. Such general adenosine triphosphate- binding cassette profiles could constitute a new attribute of carcinogenesis. Our combined cohort consisted of tissues from 151 cancer patients- breast, colorectal, and pancreatic carcinomas. Standard protocols for RNA isolation and quantitative real- time polymerase chain reaction were followed. Gene expression data from individual tumor types as well as a merged tumor dataset were analyzed by bioinformatics tools. Several general adenosine triphosphate- binding cassette profiles, with differences in gene functions, were established and shown to have significant relations to clinicopathological features such as tumor size, histological grade, or clinical stage. Genes ABCC7, A3, A8, A12, and C8 prevailed among the most upregulated or downregulated ones. In conclusion, the results supported our theory about general adenosine triphosphate- binding cassette gene expression profiles and their importance for cancer on clinical as well as research levels. The presence of ABCC7 ( official symbol CFTR) among the genes with key roles in the profiles supports the emerging evidence about its crucial role in various cancers.
The formation of the primary shell is a vital process in marine bivalves. Ocean acidification largely influences shell formation. It has been reported that enzymes involved in phenol oxidation, such as tyrosinase and phenoloxidases, participate in the formation of the periostracum. In the present study, we cloned a tyrosinase gene from Crassostrea angulata named Ca-tyrA1, and its potential function in early larval shell biogenesis was investigated. The Ca-tyrA1 gene has a full-length cDNA of 2430 bp in size, with an open reading frame of 1896 bp in size, which encodes a 631-amino acid protein that includes a 24-amino acid putative signal peptide. Quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) analysis revealed that Ca-tyrA1 transcription mainly occurs at the trochophore stage, and the Ca-tyrA1 mRNA levels in the 3000 ppm treatment group were significantly upregulated in the early D-veliger larvae. WMISH and electron scanning microscopy analyses showed that the expression of Ca-tyrA1 occurs at the gastrula stage, thereby sustaining the early D-veliger larvae, and the shape of its signal is saddle-like, similar to that observed under an electron scanning microscope. Furthermore, the RNA interference has shown that the treatment group has a higher deformity rate than that of the control, thereby indicating that Ca-tyrA1 participates in the biogenesis of the primary shell. In conclusion, and our results indicate that Ca-tyrA1 plays a vital role in the formation of the larval shell and participates in the response to larval shell damages in Crassostrea angulata that were induced by ocean acidification. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Background and Aim: Long intergenic noncoding RNAs (lincRNAs) have critical roles in elevating efficacy of anticancer therapy and tumor progression. Recent studies show that Regulator of Reprogramming (ROR) is aberrantly expressed in several types of cancer, including colorectal cancer (CRC). Radiotherapy is considered as a standard preoperative treatment. However, a considerable number of CRCs are resistant to radiotherapy. In this study, we evaluated the role of lincRNA-ROR in radiotherapy for CRC and detected the underlying molecular mechanism. Methods: Real-time polymerase chain reaction was employed to quantify the expression level of lincRNA-ROR in different CRC cell lines and tissue samples. Cell viability and apoptosis assays were used to confirm the radiotherapy-mediated effects by lincRNA-ROR altered expression. The direct impact of lincRNA-ROR on the expression of p53/miR-145 by loss-of-function and gain-of-function strategy was also analyzed. A xenograft mouse model was used to evaluate the role of linc-ROR in CRC treatment. Results: We discovered that lincRNA-ROR was upregulated in CRC cell lines and tissue samples. We further showed that knockdown of lincRNA-ROR enhanced the sensitivity to radiotherapy for CRC by inhibiting cell viability and promoting apoptosis. Activity of the p53/miR-145 pathway may help explain the role of lincRNA-ROR for stress-induced regulation in CRC therapy. Combined specific knockdown of lincRNA-ROR and radiotherapy treatment in xenograft model resulted in a significant reduction in the tumor growth. Conclusion: LincRNA-ROR decreases sensitivity to radiotherapy via the negative regulation of p53/miR-145 and may represent a potential target for the treatment of CRC.
The animal selection with favourable phenotypes of the past has been, currently, replaced by the genotype selection on quantitative traits, assisted by the expanding molecular techniques in the context of livestock improvement. In this study, the c. 112T>C polymorphism in exon II of beta-lactoglobulin (beta-LG) gene was investigated in Karagouniko and Chios sheep breeds by using polymerase chain reaction - restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP), and possible associations with milk traits were examined. In total, 125 blood DNA samples were isolated for PCR-RFLP analysis and the respective 217 milk samples' composition profile was obtained. The goodness of fit test to Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium (HWE) for beta-LG genotypes was estimated and associations found between beta-LG genotypes and raw milk composition. Two alleles and three genotypes were observed (AA, AB and BB) in both breeds, and Chios breed significantly deviated (P <= 0.05) from Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium (HWE). Conclusively, linear mixed model analysis on samples, from both breeds collectively, showed significant effects of beta-LG genotype on lactose percentage and somatic cell count (SCC), lactation stage on daily milk yield and protein, while the breed effect was significant only on daily milk yield.
Background: Ras-related protein 25 (Rab25) functions either as an oncogene or a tumor suppressor with a cancer type-dependent manner. We aimed to investigate clinical significance of Rab25 in prostate cancer (PCa). Methods: Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction, Western blot and immunohistochemistry were respectively performed to detect Rab25 mRNA and protein expression in PCa and adjacent non-cancerous prostate tissues. Receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis was used to evaluate predictive diagnostic value of Rab25. Associations of Rab25 expression with various clinicopathological characteristics and biochemical recurrence-free survival of PCa patients were statistically evaluated. In vitro, PCa cell proliferation was assessed by CCK-8 assay, and the cell migration and invasion activities were evaluated by Transwell assay, following the transfection of Rab25 small interfering RNA. Results: Ras-related protein 25 mRNA and protein expression in PCa tissues were both significantly higher than adjacent non-cancerous prostate tissues (both P < 0.001). The area under the curve of Rab25 immunoreactive score (IRS) was 0.896 (P < 0.001) with 74.0% sensitivity and 95.0% specificity. High Rab25 IRS was significantly associated with high Gleason score (P = 0.02) and distant metastasis (P = 0.01). PCa patients with high Rab25 IRS had shorter overall and biochemical recurrence-free survivals than those with low Rab25 IRS (both P < 0.001). Cox regression analysis identified Rab25 as an independent biomarker for both overall and biochemical recurrence-free survivals of PCa patients. By exploring its activities in vitro, Rab25 downregulation was found to inhibit PCa cell proliferation, migration and invasion. Conclusions: High expression of Rab25 may contribute to malignant progression and biochemical recurrence of PCa patients after radical prostatectomy.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is the major form of primary liver cancer, which is the second and sixth leading cause of cancer-related death in men and women, respectively. Extensive research indicates that Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway, which plays a pivotal role in growth, development, and differentiation of hepatocellular carcinoma, is one of the major signaling pathways that is dysregulated in hepatocellular carcinoma. Cyclin D1 is a proto-oncogene and is one of the major regulators of Wnt signaling pathway, and its overexpression has been detected in various types of cancers including hepatocellular carcinoma. Using several validated bioinformatic databases, we predicted that the microRNAs are capable of targeting 3'-untranslated region of Cyclin D1 messenger RNA. According to the results, miR-20a was selected as the highest ranking microRNA targeting Cyclin D1 messenger RNA. Luciferase assay was recruited to confirm bioinformatic prediction results. Cyclin D1 expression was first assessed by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction in HepG2 cell line. Afterward, HepG2 cells were transduced by lentiviruses containing miR-20a. Then, the expression of miR-20a and Cyclin D1 was evaluated. The results of luciferase assay demonstrated targeting of 3'-untranslated region of Cyclin D1 messenger RNA by miR-20a. Furthermore, 238-fold decline in Cyclin D1 expression was observed after lentiviral induction of miR-20a in HepG2 cells. The results highlighted a considerable effect of miRNA-20a induction on the down-regulation of Cyclin D1 gene. Our results suggest that miR-20a can be used as a novel candidate for therapeutic purposes and a biomarker for hepatocellular carcinoma diagnosis.
BackgroundThere is increasing popularity of high-power lasers for surgical debridement and antimicrobial therapy in the management of peri-implantitis and periodontal therapy. Removal of the noxious foci would naturally promote tissue healing directly. However, there are also anecdotal reports of better healing around routine high-power laser procedures. The precise mechanisms mediating these effects remain to be fully elucidated. This work examines these low-dose laser bystander effects on oral human epithelial and fibroblasts, particularly focusing on the role of human -defensin 2 (HBD-2 or DEFB4A), a potent factor capable of antimicrobial effects and promoting wound healing. Material and MethodsLaser treatments were performed using a near-infrared laser (810 nm diode) at low doses. Normal human oral keratinocytes and fibroblast cells were used and HBD-2 mRNA and protein expression was assessed with real time polymerase chain reaction, western blotting and immunostaining. Role of transforming growth factor (TGF)-1 signaling in this process was dissected using pathway-specific small molecule inhibitors. ResultsWe observed laser treatments robustly induced HBD-2 expression in an oral fibroblast cell line compared to a keratinocyte cell line. Low-dose laser treatments results in activation of the TGF-1 pathway that mediated HBD-2 expression. The two arms of TGF-1 signaling, Smad and non-Smad are involved in laser-mediated HBD-2 expression. ConclusionsLaser-activated TGF-1 signaling and induced expression of HBD-2, both of which are individually capable of promoting healing in tissues adjacent to high-power surgical laser applications. Moreover, the use of low-dose laser therapy itself can provide additional therapeutic benefits for effective clinical management of periodontal or peri-implant disease.
Exosomes secreted from the cell to the extracellular environment play an important role in intercellular communication. Next-generation sequencing technology, which has achieved great development recently, allows us to detect more complete data and gain even deeper analyses of RNA transcriptomes. In our research, we extracted exosomes from different gastric cancer cell lines and immortalized normal gastric mucosal epithelial cell line and examined the amounts of exosomal proteins and RNAs. Our data showed that the secreted amount of cancer cell-derived exosomes, which contain proteins and RNAs, was much higher than that of normal cell-derived exosomes. Moreover, next-generation sequencing technology confirmed the presence of small non-coding RNAs in exosomes. Based on publicly available databases, we classified small non-coding RNAs. According to the microRNA profiles of exosomes, hsa-miR-21-5p and hsa-miR-30a-5p were two of the most abundant sequences among all libraries. The expression levels of the two microRNAs, miR-100 and miR-148a, in exosomes were validated through reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. The reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction result, consistent with the trend of sequencing result, indicated a significant difference in exosomes between gastric cancer and gastric mucosal epithelial cell lines. We also predicted novel microRNA candidates but they need to be validated. This research provided an atlas of small noncoding RNA in exosomes and may make a little contribution to the understanding of exosomal RNA composition and finding parts of differential expression of RNAs in exosomes.
Background: Fibroblasts are key players in maintaining skin homeostasis and in orchestrating physiological tissue repair and skin regeneration. Dysfunctions in fibroblasts that occur with aging and the senescent process lead to the delayed healing observed in elderly people. The molecular mechanisms leading to fibroblast dysfunction during aging and the senescent process have not yet been clarified. Previously, changes in patterns of glycosylation were observed in fibroblasts in aging and the senescent process, but the effect of these changes on the function of fibroblasts has not been well documented. Here, we investigated whether changes in glycosylation during the process to senescence may have functional effects on fibroblasts. Methods: The changes in cell surface glycans on skin fibroblasts during the process to senescence were examined in early-passage (EP) and late-passage (LP) skin fibroblasts by fluorescence-activated cell sorting analysis using lectins. The contributors to the changes in cell surface glycans were examined by real-time polymerase chain reaction or Western blot analysis. The effects of changes in glycosylation on proliferation, migration, induction of cellular senescence, and myofibroblast differentiation induced by transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta 1 stimulation were examined in EP fibroblasts. The changes in glycosylation were performed by GalNAc-alpha-O-benzyl or sialidase treatment. Results: A decrease in sialylation of glycoproteins and an increase in sialidase NEU1 were observed in LP fibroblasts. The reduction of sialylation did not have any effect on proliferation, migration, or induction of cellular senescence. On the other hand, myofibroblast differentiation was inhibited by the reduction of sialylation, indicating that sialylation is important for myofibroblast differentiation. The localization of CD44 in lipid rafts, which is required for myofibroblast differentiation, was inhibited by the reduction of sialylation. Furthermore, reduced myofibroblast differentiation in LP fibroblasts was restored by a sialidase inhibitor. Conclusions: Desialylation of CD44 with increased sialidase during the process to senescence reduced the localization of CD44 in lipid rafts after TGF-beta 1 stimulation, leading to the inhibition of myofibroblast differentiation. Thus, regulation of sialylation may be an attractive strategy for the prevention and regenerative therapy of age-related skin diseases, cosmetic skin alterations, and chronic wounds caused by delayed healing in elderly people.
Extensive research has been performed to determine the effect of freezing protocol and cryopreservation agents on the viability of adipose tissue-derived stromal/stem cells (ASCs) as well as other cells. Unfortunately, the conclusion one may draw after decades of research utilizing fundamentally similar cryopreservation techniques is that a barrier exists, which precludes full recovery. We hypothesize that agents capable of inducing a subset of heat shock proteins (HSPs) and chaperones will reduce the intrinsic barriers to the post-thaw recovery of ASCs. ASCs were exposed to 43 degrees C for 1 h to upregulate HSPs, and the temporal HSP expression profile postheat shock was determined by performing quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and western blotting assays. The expression levels of HSP70 and HSP32 were found to be maximum at 3 h after the heat shock, whereas HSP90 and HSP27 remain unchanged. The heat shocked ASCs cryopreserved during maximal HSPs expression exhibited increased post-thaw viability than the nonheat shocked samples. Histochemical staining and quantitative reverse transcription-PCR indicated that the ASC differentiation potential was retained. Thus, suggesting that the upregulation of HSPs before a freezing insult is beneficial to ASCs and a potential alternative to the use of harmful cryoprotective agents.
Background and ObjectivePeriodontal disease is a chronic infectious disease that results in bone loss. Many epidemiological studies have reported the progression of periodontal tissue destruction in patients with diabetes; however, the associated mechanism remains unclear. In this study, we comprehensively investigated how diabetes affects the periodontal tissue and alveolar bone loss using a ligature-induced periodontitis model in streptozotocin-induced diabetic (STZ) mice. Material and MethodsDiabetes was induced by intraperitoneal injection with streptozotocin in 6-wk-old C57/BL6J male mice. A silk ligature was tied around the maxillary left second molar in 9-wk-old wild-type (WT) and STZ mice. Bone loss was evaluated at 3 and 7 d after ligation. mRNA expression levels in the gingiva between the two groups were examined by DNA microarray and quantitative polymerase chain reaction at 1, 3 and 7 d post-ligation. Tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase and alkaline phosphatase staining of the periodontal tissue was performed for evaluation of osteoclasts and osteoblasts in histological analysis. ResultsIn the gingiva, hyperglycemia upregulated the osteoprotegerin (Opg) mRNA expression and downregulated Osteocalcin mRNA expression. In the ligated gingiva, tumor necrosis factor- (Tnf-) mRNA expression was upregulated at 1 d post-ligation in STZ mice but not in WT mice. At 3 d post-ligation, alveolar bone loss was observed in STZ mice, but not in WT mice. Significantly severe alveolar bone loss was observed in STZ mice compared to WT mice at 7 d post-ligation. Bone metabolic analysis using DNA microarray showed significant downregulation in the mRNA expression of glioma-associated oncogene homologue 1 (Gli1) and collagen type VI alpha 1 (Col6a1) at the gingiva of the ligated site in STZ mice compared to that in WT mice. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction showed that Gli1 and Col6a1 mRNA expression levels were significantly downregulated in the gingiva of the ligated site in STZ mice compared to WT mice. Histological analysis showed lower alkaline phosphatase activity in STZ mice. In addition, an increased number of tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase-positive multinucleated cells were observed at the ligated sites in STZ mice. ConclusionsThese results suggest that an imbalance of bone metabolism causes osteoclastosis in insulin-deficient diabetes, and that alveolar bone loss could occur at an early phase under this condition.
ObjectivesTo investigate the gene expression profile of human gingiva following surgical wounding. MethodsTen volunteers had one side of the palate wounded. Five days later, biopsies were harvested from both wounded (healing gingiva) and contra-lateral site (normal gingiva). Tissue samples were processed for gene expression (RNA-Seq, real-time PCR) and immunohistochemistry. Gene set enrichment/pathway analysis was also performed. ResultsSeven hundred genes were significantly differentially expressed in healing gingiva. Among genes with >twofold change (FC) in expression, 399 genes were up-regulated and 88 down-regulated, several not previously reported expressed in gingiva. Most increased in expression (30-FC) were MMP1, CCL18, SPP1, MUC21, CTHRC1, MMP10, and SERPINE1; most decreased (7-FC) were COCH, SIAH3, MT4, IGFL3, KY, and SYT16. Real-time PCR confirmed significantly changed mRNA levels for selective genes tested. Gene set enrichment analysis revealed several significantly enriched biological pathways. Immunohistochemistry confirmed protein expression of MUC21, CTHRC1, CTGF, and SYT16 in normal and healing gingiva. ConclusionsThis first comprehensive analysis of the human gingival transcriptome during surgical wound healing offers novel insights into the participating molecular and biological mechanisms. The present results could serve as basis for future investigations into gingival wound healing following surgical, traumatic, or other type of injury.
The ability to identify and stratify patients that will respond to specific therapies has been transformational in a number of disease areas, particularly oncology. It is anticipated that this will also be the case for cell-based therapies, particularly in complex and heterogeneous diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Recently, clinical results with expanded allogenic adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cells (eASCs) have indicated clinical efficacy in highly refractory RA patients. In this study, we set out to determine if circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) could be identified as potential biomarkers associated with response to eASCs in these RA patients. The miRNA expression profiles of pre-treatment plasma samples from responder and nonresponder patients were determined using microarrays. Ten miRNAs were identified that were differentially expressed in the responder group as compared to the nonresponder group. To confirm the differential expression of these 10 miRNA biomarkers, they were further assayed by quantitative reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (QRT-PCR). From this analysis, three miRNAs, miR-26b-5p, miR-487b-3p and miR-495-3p, were confirmed as being statistically significantly upregulated in the responder group as compared with the nonresponder group. Receiver operating characteristic analysis confirmed their diagnostic potential. These miRNAs could represent novel candidate stratification biomarkers associated with RA patient response to eASCs and are worthy of further clinical validation.
BackgroundRetinoblastoma is the most common malignant cancer of the eye in children. Although metastatic retinoblastoma is rare, cure rates for this advanced disease remain below 50%. High-level polo-like kinase 1 expression in retinoblastomas has previously been shown to be correlated with adverse outcome parameters. Polo-like kinase 1 is a serine/threonine kinase involved in cell cycle regulation at the G2/M transition. Polo-like kinase 1 inhibition has been demonstrated to have anti-tumour effects in preclinical models of several paediatric tumours. Here, we assessed its efficacy against retinoblastoma cell lines. MethodsExpression of polo-like kinase 1 was determined in a panel of retinoblastoma cell lines by polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis. We analysed viability (3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide) (MTT assay), proliferation (5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay), cell cycle progression (propidium iodid staining) and apoptosis (cell death enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) in three retinoblastoma cell lines after treatment with two adenosine triphosphate-competitive polo-like kinase 1 inhibitors, BI6727 or GSK461364. Activation of polo-like kinase 1 downstream signalling components including TP53 were assessed. ResultsTreatment of retinoblastoma cells with either BI6727 or GSK461364 reduced cell viability and proliferative capacity and induced both cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. Polo-like kinase 1 inhibition also induced the p53 signalling pathway. Analysis of key players in cell cycle control revealed that low nanomolar concentrations of either polo-like kinase 1 inhibitor upregulated cyclin B1 and increased activated cyclin-dependent kinase 1 (phosphorylated at Y15) in retinoblastoma cell lines. ConclusionsThese preclinical data indicate that polo-like kinase 1 inhibitors could be useful as components in rationally designed chemotherapy protocols to treat patients with metastasized retinoblastoma in early phase clinical trials.
AIM To explore the exact interaction between Notch and transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta signaling in liver fibrosis. METHODS We established a rat model of liver fibrosis induced by concanavalin A. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were isolated from the modeled rats, and cultured with.-secretase inhibitor DAPT and TGF-beta inhibitor for 24 h. The mRNA levels of Notch and TGF-beta signaling were detected by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Expression of Notch and TGF-beta proteins was analyzed by western blotting. RESULTS Compared to control rats, Notch and TGF-beta signaling was activated in PBMCs of model rats. Administration of DAPT and TGF-beta inhibitor suppressed Notch and TGF-beta signal transducer in PBMCs of model rats. DAPT reduced mRNA and protein expression of TGF-beta signaling, such as TGF-beta 1 and Smad3. TGF-beta inhibitor also downregulated Notch1, Hes1 and Hes5, and mRNA and protein expression of the Notch signaling pathway. CONCLUSION Notch and TGF-beta signaling play a role in liver fibrosis. TGF-beta signaling upregulates Notch signaling, which promotes TGF-beta signaling.
Drought is considered one of the major constraints of plant growth and productivity worldwide. Plants respond to drought through different mechanisms including physiological, biochemical, and gene expression modulation. Studying these mechanisms will provide better understanding of drought response mechanisms and will help breeders in developing new cultivars. In this study, growth, biochemical, and molecular responses of four wheat (Triticum durum Desf.) landraces to drought stress (300 mM mannitol) were investigated at the seedling stage. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction was used to assess gene expression level for a drought stress responsive gene (DHN15.1). Germination percentage, shoot length, root length, and root number for all T. durum landraces were decreased significantly under drought stress. However, drought stress caused an increase in proline content, lipid peroxidation level, and DHN15.1 transcript level. According to the studied traits, the Karak landrace showed long shoots (48% relative to its control), the longest roots (45% relative to its control) and the highest proline content (483% relative to its control). The results indicate that from the landraces studied, Karak may be selected as the most tolerant wheat landrace and may help in wheat breeding programs for adaptation to drought-prone environments.
The combination of nanoparticles with the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) can have benefits such as easier sample handling or higher sensitivity, but also drawbacks such as loss of colloidal stability or inhibition of the PCR. The present work systematically investigates the interaction of magnetic iron oxide nanoparticles (MIONs) with the PCR in terms of colloidal stability and potential PCR inhibition due to interaction between the PCR components and the nanoparticle surface. Several types of MIONs with and without surface functionalisation by sodium citrate, dextran and 3-aminopropyl-triethoxysilane (APTES) were prepared and characterised by Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM), dynamic light scattering (DLS) and Fourier Transform Infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopy. Colloidal stability in the presence of the PCR components was investigated both at room temperature and under PCR thermo-cycling. Dextran-stabilized MIONs show the best colloidal stability in the PCR mix at both room and elevated temperatures. Citrate and APTES-stabilised as well as uncoated MIONs show a comparable PCR inhibition near the concentration 0.1 mg ml(-1) while the inhibition of dextran stabilized MIONs became apparent near 0.5 mg ml(-1). It was demonstrated that the PCR could be effectively carried out even in the presence of elevated concentration of MIONs up to 2 mg ml(-1) by choosing the right coating approach and supplementing the reaction mix by critical components, Taq DNA polymerase and Mg2+ ions. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The existing European Regulation (EC n(o) 51/2013) prohibits the use of animals meals in feedstuffs in order to prevent Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy infection and diffusion, however the legislation is rapidly moving towards a partial lifting of the "feed ban" and the competent control organisms are urged to develop suitable analytical methods able to avoid food safety incidents related to animal origin products. The limitations of the official methods (i.e. light microscopy and Polymerase Chain Reaction) suggest exploring new analytic ways to get reliable results in a short time. The combination of spectroscopic techniques with optical microscopy allows the development of an individual particle method able to meet both selectivity and sensitivity requirements (0.1% w/w). A spectroscopic method based on Fourier Transform micro-Raman spectroscopy coupled with Discriminant Analysis is here presented. This approach could be very useful for in-situ applications, such as customs inspections, since it drastically reduces time and costs of analysis. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
The metastatic detection rate can vary according to the approach adopted in the microscopic analysis of the LNs, which includes frozen-section examination, total inclusion of the tissue with and without whole-mount sections, serial sectioning, and the application of immunohistochemistry. The assessment of the sentinel LN, the search for micrometastases, and the evaluation of atypical LN metastatic sites further contribute to the detection of the metastatic spread. In this review, an update on the histopathological evaluation of LND specimens in patients with PCa is given, and focus is made on their clinical and prognostic significance.
The social isolation rearing of young adult rats is a model of psychosocial stress and provides a nonpharmacological tool to study alterations reminiscent of symptoms seen in psychosis. We have previously demonstrated that social isolation in rats leads to increased oxidative stress and to cerebral NOX2 elevations. Here, we investigated early alterations in mRNA expression leading to increased NOX2 in the brain. Rats were exposed to a short period of social isolation (1 week) and real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for mRNA expression of genes involved in blood-brain barrier (BBB) formation and integrity (ORLs, Vof 21 and Vof 16, Leng8, Vnr1, and Trank 1 genes) was performed. Real-time PCR experiments, immunohistochemistry, and Western blotting analysis showed an increased expression of these genes and related proteins in isolated rats with respect to control animals. The expression of specific markers of BBB integrity, such as matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP2), matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP9), occludin 1, and plasmalemmal vesicle associated protein-1 (PV-1), was also significantly altered after 1 week of social isolation. BBB permeability, evaluated by quantification of Evans blue dye extravasation, as well as interstitial fluid, was significantly increased in rats isolated for 1 week with respect to controls. Isolation-induced BBB disruption was also accompanied by a significant increase of Interleukin 6 (IL-6) expression. Conversely, no differences in NOX2 levels were detected at this time point. Our study demonstrates that BBB disruption precedes NOX2 elevations in the brain. These results provide new insights in the interplay of mechanisms linking psychosocial stress to early oxidative stress in the brain, disruption of the BBB, and the development of mental disorders.
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous small non-coding RNAs that regulate gene expression at posttranscriptional level. They might regulate tolerance to abiotic stress. However, this has not been studied in Tradescantia (BNL clone 3340), an important bio-indicator for measuring the effect of radiation. Up to date, gamma irradiation (gamma-IR) responsive miRNAs and their expressions patterns in plants in response to gamma-IR stress have not been reported yet. Therefore, putative gamma-IR responsive miRNAs from a cDNA library of Tradescantia after radiation stress were predicted in this study by using comprehensive genomic approaches. Here, we identified 37 miRNAs belonged to 36 different miRNA families. The quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) analysis of five randomly selected miRNAs were confirmed that their responsiveness to gamma-IR stress. Target prediction revealed that 37 miRNAs targeted 149 genes involved in stress tolerance regulation, light response, redox systems, signaling pathways, DNA repair, and transcription factors. A coordinated reverse expression changes between miRNAs and their target genes further validated that these predicted miRNAs could be gamma-IR responsive and likely to be directly involved in stress regulatory networks of Tradescantia. Altogether, these results will provide novel insights to the understanding of molecular mechanisms of miRNAs involved in plant response to gamma-IR.
Spinal cord injury (SCI) is a devastating condition with few effective treatments. Resveratrol, a polyphenolic compound, has exhibited neuroprotective effects in many neurodegenerative diseases. However, the explicit effect and mechanism of resveratrol on SCI is still unclear. Adenosine 5' monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1), the downstream protein, play key roles in metabolizing of energy, resisting of resistance, and cellular protein homeostasis. In this study, we determined the effects of resveratrol on SCI and their potential relationship with SIRT1/AMPK signaling pathway, autophagy and apoptosis. To determine the effect of resveratrol on SCI recovery, a spinal cord contusion model was employed. Rats received treatment with resveratrol or DMSO immediately following contusion. We determined that Basso, Beattie, and Bresnahan (BBB) scores were significantly higher for injured rats treated with resveratrol. Nissl and HE staining revealed that resveratrol treatment significantly reduced the loss of motor neurons and lesion size in the spinal cord of injured rats when compared to vehicle-treated animals. Spinal cord tissue was assessed by Western blot, reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and immunohistochemical analyses 7 days after injury for changes in expression of SIRT1/AMPK signaling pathway, autophagy and apoptosis proteins. Expression of SIRT1, p-AMPK, Beclin-1, LC3-B, and Bcl-2 was elevated in resveratrol-treated animals, whereas expression of p62, Cleaved Caspase-3, Caspase-9, and Bcl-2 associated X protein (Bax) was inhibited. Immunofluorescence analysis of primary neurons treated with resveratrol alone or in combination with Compound C (AMPK inhibitor) or EX527 (SIRT1 inhibitor) revealed that treatment with the inhibitors blocks the increased LC3-B expression in cells and increases the portion of TUNEL-positive cells. Taken together, these results suggest that resveratrol exerts neuroprotective effects on SCI by regulating autophagy and apoptosis mediated by the SIRT1-AMPK signaling pathway. (C) 2017 IBRO. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B is a type 1 transmembrane protein that has been recently found to play a role in cancer cell proliferation, angiogenesis, and invasion. Due to its potential responsibility in cancer aggressiveness, the main objective of this work was to investigate its expression in bladder cancer and the biological functions in bladder cancer cells. Using immunohistochemistry, western blot, and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction, we analyzed the expression of glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B in bladder cancer tissues and bladder cancer cell lines. The effects of glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B on proliferation, migration, and invasion were tested after knocking down the glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B in bladder cancer cells with small interfering RNAs by CCK-8, Transwell, and Matrigel assays. Our results showed that glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B protein was highly expressed in the bladder cancer tissues and cell lines. Downregulating glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B could suppress the proliferation, migration, and invasion in bladder cancer cells. Glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B expression was related to the poor differentiation and recurrence by immunohistochemistry analysis. The survival analysis also showed that glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B was related to the patient prognosis. In conclusion, Glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B protein was highly expressed in the bladder cancer, which was related to the poor prognosis in bladder cancer patients. Glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein B promoted the proliferation, migration, and invasion in bladder cancer cells.
Objectives: To investigate whether LEP G2548A and LEPR Q223R polymorphisms influence serum lipid levels and whether the 2 polymorphisms affect the efficacy of simvastatin treatment in Chinese patients with primary hyperlipidemia. Methods: We used an extreme sampling approach by selecting 212 individuals from the top and bottom 15% of adjusted lipid-lowering response residuals to simvastatin (n = 106 in each group of good or bad response) from a total of 734 samples with primary hyperlipidemia. They were treated with simvastatin orally 20 mg/d. Fasting serum lipids were measured at baseline and after 4 and 8 weeks of treatment. Genotyping was carried out using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism. Results: More patients in the good response group (27%) had LEPR Q223R than in the bad response group (16%, P =.046). Secondary stratified analyses showed that patients carrying the RR genotype of the LEPR Q223R gene had significantly higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels than those with the QR genotype at baseline (P = .034) among good responders. After 29 consecutive days of treatment with simvastatin, patients carrying the RR genotype had a significantly larger decrease in triglycerides (change: -0.74 +/- 0.92, P =.036) and total cholesterol levels (change: -1.77 +/- 0.68, P = .023) compared with those carrying QR genotype among bad responders. After Bonferroni correction, the results were not statistically significant. Conclusion: LEPR Q223R polymorphism, but not LEP G2548A, could modulate the efficacy of simvastatin in Chinese patients with primary hyperlipidemia.
Chinese tallow (Sapium sebiferum L.) is a promising landscape and bioenergy plant. Measuring gene expression by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) can provide valuable information on gene function. Stably expressed reference genes for normalization are a prerequisite for ensuring the accuracy of the target gene expression level among different samples. However, the reference genes in Chinese tallow have not been systematically validated. In this study, 12 candidate reference genes (185, GAPDH, UBQ, RPS15, SAND, TIP41, 60S, ACT7, PDF2, APT, TBP and TUB) were investigated with qRT-PCR in 18 samples, including those from different tissues, from plants treated with sucrose and cold stresses. The data were calculated with four common algorithms, geNorm, BestKeeper, NormFinder, and the delta cycle threshold (Delta Ct). TIP41 and GAPDH were the most stable for the tissue-specific experiment, GAPDH and 60S for cold treatment, and GAPDH and UBQ for sucrose stresses, while the least stable genes were 60S, TIP41, and 18S respectively. The comprehensive results showed APT, GAPDH, and UBQ to be the top-ranked stable genes across all the samples. The stability of 60S was the lowest during all experiments. These selected reference genes were further validated by comparing the expression profiles of the chalcone synthase gene in Chinese tallow in different samples. The results will help to improve the accuracy of gene expression studies in Chinese tallow.
The operation of blood banks aims at the cost-efficient supply of uncontaminated human blood. Each unit of donated blood goes through multiple testing for the presence of various pathogens which are able to cause transfusion-transmitted diseases. The blood screening process is comprised of two phases. At the first phase, blood units are screened together in pooled groups of a certain size by the ELISA (Enzyme Linked Immuno-Sorbent Assay) test to detect various virus-specific antibodies. The second phase of the screening process is conducted by PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) testing of the individual blood units of the groups found clean by the initial ELISA phase. Thousands of units of donated blood arrive daily at the central blood bank for screening. Each screening scheme has associated testing costs and testing times. In addition, each blood unit arrives with an expiration date. As a result, the shorter the testing time, the longer the residual lifetime that is left for the blood unit for future use. The controller faces a natural and well-motivated operations management problem. He will attempt to shorten the testing period and reduce the testing costs without compromising too much on the reliability. To achieve these goals, we propose a new testing procedure that we term Recycled Incomplete Identification Procedure (RIIP). In RIIP, groups of pooled blood units which are found contaminated in the ELISA test are divided into smaller subgroups and again group-tested by ELISA, and so forth, until eventually the PCR test is conducted for those subgroups which are found clean. We analyze and optimize the performance of RIIP by deriving explicit formulas for the cost components of interest and maximize the profit associated with the procedure. Our numerical results suggest that it can indeed be profitable to do several cycles at ELISA. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP; Mendelian of Inherintance in Man ID, 175100) is a rare autosomal dominant disorder characterized by the development of numerous adenomatous polyps throughout the colon and rectum associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer. FAP is at time accompanied with certain extraintestinal manifestations such as congenital hypertrophy of the retinal pigment epithelium, dental disorders and desmoid tumors. It is caused by mutations in the adenomatous polyposis coli (APC) gene. The present study reported on a Chinese family with FAP. Polymerase chain reaction and direct sequencing of the full coding sequence of the APC gene were performed to identify the mutation in this family. A nonsense mutation of the APC gene was identified in this pedigree. It is a heterozygous G>T substitution at position 2,971 in exon 15 of the APC gene, which formed a premature stop codon at amino acid residue 991 (p.Glu991*). The resulting truncated protein lacked 1,853 amino acids. The present study expanded the database on APC gene mutations in FAP and enriched the spectrum of known germline mutations of the APC gene. Prophylactic proctocolectomy may be considered as a possible treatment for carriers of the mutation.
It is estimated that over a billion people are infected with soil-transmitted helminths (STHs) globally with majority occurring in tropical and subtropical regions of the world. The roundworm (Ascaris lumbricoides), whipworm (Trichuris trichiura), and hookworms (Ancylostoma duodenale and Necator americanus) are the main species infecting people. These infections are mostly gained through exposure to faecally contaminated water, soil or contaminated food and with an increase in the risk of infections due to wastewater and sludge reuse in agriculture. Different methods have been developed for the detection and quantification of STHs eggs in environmental samples. However, there is a lack of a universally accepted technique which creates a challenge for comparative assessments of helminths egg concentrations both in different samples matrices as well as between locations. This review presents a comparison of reported methodologies for the detection of STHs eggs, an assessment of the relative performance of available detection methods and a discussion of new emerging techniques that could be applied for detection and quantification. It is based on a literature search using PubMed and Science Direct considering all geographical locations. Original research articles were selected based on their methodology and results sections. Methods reported in these articles were grouped into conventional, molecular and emerging techniques, the main steps in each method were then compared and discussed. The inclusion of a dissociation step aimed at detaching helminth eggs from particulate matter was found to improve the recovery of eggs. Additionally the selection and application of flotation solutions that take into account the relative densities of the eggs of different species of STHs also results in higher egg recovery. Generally the use of conventional methods was shown to be laborious and time consuming and prone to human error. The alternate use of nucleic acid-based techniques has improved the sensitivity of detection and made species specific identification possible. However, these nucleic acid based methods are expensive and less suitable in regions with limited resources and skill. The loop mediated isothermal amplification method shows promise for application in these settings due to its simplicity and use of basic equipment. In addition, the development of imaging soft-ware for the detection and quantification of STHs shows promise to further reduce human error associated with the analysis of environmental samples. It may be concluded that there is a need to comparatively assess the performance of different methods to determine their applicability in different settings as well as for use with different sample matrices (wastewater, sludge, compost, soil, vegetables etc.). (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
The processes of yeast selection for using as wine fermentation starters have revealed a great phenotypic diversity both at interspecific and intraspecific level, which is explained by a corresponding genetic variation among different yeast isolates. Thus, the mechanisms involved in promoting these genetic changes are the main engine generating yeast biodiversity. Currently, an important task to understand biodiversity, population structure and evolutionary history of wine yeasts is the study of the molecular mechanisms involved in yeast adaptation to wine fermentation, and on remodeling the genomic features of wine yeast, unconsciously selected since the advent of winemaking. Moreover, the availability of rapid and simple molecular techniques that show genetic polymorphisms at species and strain levels have enabled the study of yeast diversity during wine fermentation. This review will summarize the mechanisms involved in generating genetic polymorphisms in yeasts, the molecular methods used to unveil genetic variation, and the utility of these polymorphisms to differentiate strains, populations, and species in order to infer the evolutionary history and the adaptive evolution of wine yeasts, and to identify their influence on their biotechnological and sensorial properties.
The eco-toxicological effects of Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt) maize on earthworm life-history traits were widely studied and the results were controversial, while their effects on earthworm bacterial community have been rarely studied. Here, effects of two hybrids of Bt maize [5422Bt1 (event Bt11) and 5422CBCL (MON810)] straw return on Eisenia fetida bacterial community were investigated by the terminal restriction fragment length polymorphism (T-RFLP) and polymerase chain reaction-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (PCR-DGGE) combing with DNA sequencing, compared to near-isogenic non-Bt maize (5422). Bt maize straw return had significant effects on soil nutrients, especially for available nitrogen (N). The significant differences were shown in soil bacterial community between Bt and non-Bt maize treatments on the 75th and 90th d, which was closely correlated with soil available N, P and K rather than CrylAb protein. There was no statistically significant difference in the bacterial community of earthworm gut contents between Bt and non-Bt maize treatments. The significant differences in the bacterial community of earthworm casts were found among three maize varieties treatments, which were closely correlated with CrylAb protein and N levels. The differentiated bacterial species in earthworm casts mainly belonged to Proteobacteria, including Brevundimonas, Caulobacter, Pseudomonas, Stenotrophomonas, Methylobacterium, Asticcacaulis and Achromobacter etc., which were associated with the mineralization, metabolic process and degradation of plants residues. Therefore, Bt maize straw return caused changes in the bacterial community of E. fetida casts, which was possibly caused by the direct (CrylAb protein) and non-expected effects (N levels) of Bt maize straw. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The aim of the present study was to investigate the resistance of Acinetobacter baumannii, which was induced by cefepime (FEP), cefoperazone-sulbactam (SCF), tazobactam (TZP), levofloxacin (LEV), amikacin (AK), imipenem (IPM), and ciprofloxacin (CIP), in vitro. Multi-step drug resistance selection of 16 A. baumannii strains was performed using seven antibacterial agents (FEP, TZP, CIP, AK, IPM, SCF, and LEV). The minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) was determined using the agar dilution method. Random amplified polymorphic DNA polymerase chain reaction was performed to analyze the genotypes and the carrying rates of aac(3)-I, aac(6)-I, ant(3)-I, aph(3)-Via, OXA-23, OXA-24, AmpC, TEM-1, metallo--lactamase gene (IMP), armA, rmtA, rmtB, parC, gyrA and adeB. Expression of adeB was determined using semi-quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (Semi-qRT-PCR). Among the 16 strains, 15 strains with drug resistance (93.8%) were obtained following in vitro induction. Notable increases (8- to 128-fold) were noted in the MIC and different genotypes were showed in RAPD of the strains before and after performing the drug resistant test. PCR data revealed significant differences (P<0.05) between the carrying rates of resistant genes before and after drug induction, with the exception of rmtA, OXA-24, TEM-1, and IMP. Significant increases were demonstrated in the comparative adeB grayscale in strains that underwent drug induction when compared with the sensitive strains (55.69 +/- 43.11% vs. 10.08 +/- 26.35%; P=0.001). Findings of the present study suggest that the active efflux pump, adeB, has an important role in multidrug resistance of the A. baumannii induced by antibacterial agents in vitro.
Breast cancer is a disease of unknown etiology; however, the major risk factors are genetic alterations. Studies have demonstrated an association between insulinlike growth factor 1 (IGF-1) gene polymorphism and cell proliferation and reduced apoptosis, in addition to its role in breast cancer growth and aggressiveness. Two polymorphic variants of the IGF-1 gene are highlighted in association with breast cancer, rs6220 and rs7136446, although controversy exists as to this relationship. The current study included 137 women (68 breast cancer cases and 69 controls without breast cancer) who had 3 ml of peripheral blood drawn for the study of genomic DNA extracted from leukocytes using the genotyping technique by real-time polymerase chain reaction. The CC genotype (rs7136446) was present in 4 women (5.9%) from the case group and in 2 (3.0%) women from the control group (p = 0.67), while the GG genotype (rs6220) occurred in 8 (11.5%) women from the case group and in 5 (7.2%) women from the control group (p = 0.75). No statistically significant difference was observed between the CC genotype of variant rs7136446 in premenopausal case and control women (p = 0.31), thus as there was also no significant difference between case and control postmenopausal women (p = 1.00). Concerning the GG genotype of rs6220, it occurred in 6 (14.2%) premenopausal case and 4 (8%) control women (p = 0.71) and no difference was found in postmenopausal women (p = 1.00). In the current study, IGF-1 gene polymorphism of SNP variants rs6220 and rs7136446 had no statistically significant association with breast cancer, both in premenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Bluetongue virus (BTV) is a member of the genus Orbivirus within the family Reoviridae and causes a non-contagious, insect-transmitted disease in domestic and wild ruminants, mainly in sheep and occasionally in cattle and some species of deer. Virus infection can trigger the changes of the cellular microRNA (miRNA) expression profile, which play important post-transcriptional regulatory roles in gene expression and can greatly influence viral replication and pathogenesis. Here, we employed deep sequencing technology to determine which cellular miRNAs were differentially expressed in primary sheep testicular (ST) cells infected with BTV. A total of 25 known miRNAs and 240 novel miRNA candidates that were differentially expressed in BTV-infected and uninfected ST cells were identified, and 251 and 8428 predicted target genes were annotated, respectively. Nine differentially expressed miRNAs and their mRNA targets were validated by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. Targets prediction and functional analysis of these regulated miRNAs revealed significant enrichment for several signaling pathways including MAPK, PI3K-Akt, endocytosis, Hippo, NF-kB, viral carcinogenesis, FoxO, and JAK-STAT signaling pathways. This study provides a valuable basis for further investigation on the roles of miRNAs in BTV replication and pathogenesis. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
This study aimed to evaluate the protein metabolism effect of Zanthoxylum alkylamides and to explore the potential mechanism in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats. Diabetic rats were orally treated with 2, 4 and 8 mg per kg bw of alkylamides daily for 28 days. Alkylamides decreased the relative weight of the liver and food intake, significantly increased the relative skeletal muscle weight and significantly decreased the blood urea nitrogen levels. Insulin, insulin-like growth factor 1, total protein (TP) and albumin (ALB), globular proteins and ALB proteins/globulin protein levels in serum significantly increased. TP, RNA content and RNA/DNA ratio significantly increased in the skeletal muscle of diabetic rats. Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction results indicated that alkylamides significantly increased the mRNA expression of insulin receptor (InR), IGF1 and insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) in the liver and skeletal muscle. Moreover, the mRNA and protein expression levels of PI3K, PKB and mTOR significantly increased, whereas those of atrogin-1, muscle ring finger 1 and FOXO in the skeletal muscle significantly decreased. Alkylamides may advance protein synthesis by the PI3K/PKB/mTOR signalling pathway and attenuate the catabolism of protein through the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway. Therefore, it was possible that alkylamides ameliorate protein metabolism disorders in diabetic rats by activating the mTOR pathway.
Adipose and endothelial dysfunction is associated with cardiovascular disease. Perivascular adipose tissue (PVAT) directly surrounds vessels and influences vessel function via a paracrine effect, and adenosine monophosphate (AMP)-activated protein kinase (AMPK) modulates the metabolic pathway, thus, the present study hypothesized that activation of AMPK in PVAT may regulate endothelial function in pathological settings. The present study investigated the effect of methotrexate (MTX) on adipocytokine expression in PVAT with an emphasis on the regulation of endothelial function. The effects of MTX and the mechanisms involved were investigated using a relaxation assay and western blot analysis. Reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blotting were used to detect the mRNA and protein expression levels. ELISA assay was used to quantify the level of TNF-alpha and IL-6. Palmitic acid (PA) stimulation induced inflammation and dysregulation of adipocytokine expression in PVAT. MTX treatment inhibited nuclear factor-kappa B p65 phosphorylation and downregulated expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6, whereas adiponectin expression increased. MTX increased AMPK phosphorylation under basal and inflammatory conditions in PVAT, whereas knockdown of AMPK via small interfering RNA diminished its modulatory effect, indicating that MTX inhibits inflammation in an AMPK-dependent manner. The present study prepared conditioned medium from PA-stimulated PVAT to induce endothelial dysfunction and observed that pre-treatment of PVAT with MTX effectively restored the loss of acetylcholine-induced vasodilation and increased endothelial nitric oxide synthase phosphorylation in the rat aorta. The results of the present study demonstrated that MTX ameliorated inflammation-associated adipocytokine dysregulation and thus prevented endothelial dysfunction. These data provide further pharmacological evidence regarding the beneficial effects of MTX in cardiovascular diseases.
Inflammation in the retinal pigment epithelium is an important contributor to the pathogenesis of age-related macular degeneration. Wogonin is a flavonoid isolated from the root of Scutellaria baicalensis and has multiple pharmacological effects, including anti-inflammatory effects. The present study sought to determine if the pharmacological effects of wogonin were relevant to the treatment of AMD. ARPE-19 cells were pre-conditioned with different concentrations of wogonin (0-50 mu M) prior to induction of inflammation with LPS (2 mu g/ml). Transepithelial electrical resistance analysis demonstrated that 24 h treatment with 10 and 50 mu M wogonin ameliorated LPS-induced changes. Reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) and immunofluorescence analyses revealed that wogonin restrained LPS-induced tight junction proteins, claudin-1 and ZO-1. LPS-induced upregulation of inflammatory mediators in ARPE-19 cells, including IL-1 beta, IL,-6, IL,-8, cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) and TNF-alpha was reduced after pre-treatment with wogonin. In addition, RT-qPCR and western blotting demonstrated that wogonin inhibited the expression of TLR4 in LPS-stimulated ARPE-19 cells. This is a novel mechanism indicating that pre-treatment with wogonin could attenuate the TLR4/NF-kappa B-mediated inflammatory response in LPS-stimulated ARPE-19 cells, and thus could be a potential therapy for the treatment of AMD.
Bluetongue is a non-contagious, haemorrhagic, Culicoides-borne disease of ruminants. The causative agent, bluetongue virus (BTV), is a member of the Orbivirus genus of the Reoviridae family. So far, 26 BTV serotypes have been identified worldwide. The global distribution of bluetongue has been expanding, and rapid detection of BTV, preferably in the field, is critical for timely implementation of animal movement restrictions and vector control measures. To date, many laboratory-based, molecular assays for detection of BTV have been developed. These methods require the samples to be shipped to a central laboratory with sophisticated instruments and highly skilled technicians to perform the assays, conduct analyses and interpret the results. Here, we report the development and evaluation of a rapid, portable, user-friendly, pan-BTV reverse transcription-insulated isothermal polymerase chain reaction (RT-iiPCR) assay that can potentially be used in low-resource field conditions. The total length of the assay was < 60 min, and at the end of the assay, the results were automatically displayed as `+' or '_' without the need for data interpretation. The RT-iiPCR assay detected 36 BTV isolates and two in vitro transcribed RNA samples representing all 26 BTV serotypes. The assay did not cross-react with other animal viruses tested, including two closely related orbiviruses. The analytical sensitivity of the assay was as low as nine copies of in vitro transcribed double-stranded BTV RNA. Analysis of BTVinfected whole blood samples showed that the BTV RT-iiPCR assay was as sensitive as real-time RT-PCR. The assay can potentially be used for rapid screening of animals for BTV in routine diagnostics and for monitoring bluetongue outbreaks both in ruminants and in Culicoides vectors in the field and in the laboratory.
Effective and sensitive methods for the molecular detection of Echinococcus multilocularis in faecal samples of final hosts are crucial for the prevention and control of human alveolar echinococcosis and for studies on the epidemiology of the parasite. Little is known about the suitability of commercial test kits for isolating DNA of E. multilocularis from fox faeces and the performance of standard Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) protocols in relation to the quality of DNA extracted by these kits. We compared four different kits: ZR Faecal DNA MiniPrep (TM) (Zymo Research), FastDNA (R) SPIN Kit for Soil (MP Biomedicals), QIAamp (R) Fast DNA Stool Mini Kit (QIAGEN) and NucleoSpin (R) Soil Kit (Macherey-Nagel) for the extraction of DNA from E. multilocularis eggs present in faeces of foxes. Negative faecal samples were spiked with 600, 300, 150, 75, 37, 18, 9, 5 or 2 E. multilocularis eggs, and each egg concentration was tested 10 times with each of the DNA extraction kits. Each extracted DNA sample was amplified using three PCR protocols: i. conventional PCR (cPCR, Platinum (R) Taq, Invitrogen), ii. qPCR with the iQ (TM) Supermix (Bio-Rad) and iii. qPCR with the QuantiTect (R) Multiplex -Master Mix (QIAGEN). The highest analytical sensitivities for molecular detection of E. multilocularis eggs in spiked fox faeces were observed when combining either the QIAamp (R) Fast DNA Stool Mini Kit or the ZR Faecal DNA MiniPrep (TM) kit with the qPCR using the QuantiTect (R) Multiplex -Master Mix (Sensitivities 97% and 94%, respectively). Combinations including the remaining test kits (NucleoSpin (R) Soil Kit and FastDNA (R) SPIN Kit for Soil) showed a markedly lower analytical sensitivity for PCR examinations. The results of the present study indicate that it is of utmost importance to select suitable DNA extraction kits in combination with robust PCR methods or reagents to achieve acceptable analytical sensitivity in the molecular detection of E. multilocularis eggs in fox faecal samples. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Background: Maleic acid is a multi-functional chemical widely used in the field of industrial chemistry for producing food additives and food contact materials. As maleic acid may contaminate food by the release from food packages or intentional addition, it raises the concern about the effects of excessive dietary exposure to maleic acid on human health. However, the influence of maleic acid on human health has not been thoroughly studied. In silico toxicogenomics approaches have found the association between maleic acid and nervous system disease in human. The aim of this study is to experimentally explore the effects of maleic acid on human neuronal cells. Methods: A microarray-based transcriptome profiling was performed to offer a better understanding of the effects of maleic acid on human health. Gene expression profiles of human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells exposed to three concentrations of maleic acid (10, 50, and 100 mu M) for 24 h were analyzed. Genes which were differentially expressed in dose-dependent manners were identified and further analyzed with an enrichment analysis. The expression profile of selected genes related to the inferred functional changes was validated using quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). Specific fluorescence probes were applied to observe the inferred functional changes in maleic acid-treated neuronal cells. Results: A total of 316 differentially expressed genes (141 upregulated and 175 downregulated) were identified in response to the treatment of maleic acid. The enrichment analysis showed that DNA binding and metal ion binding were the significant molecular functions (MFs) of the neuronal cells affected by maleic acid. Maleic acid exposure decreased the expression of genes associated with calcium and thiol levels of the cells in a dose-dependent manner. The levels of intracellular calcium and thiol levels were also affected by maleic acid dose-dependent. Discussion: The exposure to maleic acid is found to decrease the cellular calcium and thiol levels in human neuronal cells at both transcriptional and functional levels. This study reported the first transcriptomic profiling of human neuronal cells treated with maleic acid. It is also the first experimental validation of chemical effects predicted by in silico toxicogenomics approaches. The proposed approach may be useful in understanding the potential effects of other poorly characterized chemicals on human health.
The integration of nucleic acids detection assays in microfluidic devices represents a highly promising approach for the development of convenient, cheap and efficient diagnostic tools for clinical, food safety and environmental monitoring applications. Such tools are expected to operate at the point-of-care and in resource-limited settings. The amplification of the target nucleic acid sequence represents a key step for the development of sensitive detection protocols. The integration in microfluidic devices of the most popular technology for nucleic acids amplifications, polymerase chain reaction (PCR), is significantly limited by the thermal cycling needed to obtain the target sequence amplification. This review provides an overview of recent advances in integration of isothermal amplification methods in microfluidic devices. Isothermal methods, that operate at constant temperature, have emerged as promising alternative to PCR and greatly simplify the implementation of amplification methods in point-of-care diagnostic devices and devices to be used in resource-limited settings. Possibilities offered by isothermal methods for digital droplet amplification are discussed.
Background: The presence of gross deletions in the human immunodeficiency virus nef gene (g Delta nef) is associated with long-term nonprogression of infected patients. Here, we investigated how quickly genetic defects in the nef gene are associated with Korean Red Ginseng (KRG) intake in 10 long-term slow progressors. Methods: This study was divided into three phases over a 20-yr period; baseline, KRG intake alone, and KRG plus highly active antiretroviral therapy (ART). nef gene amplicons were obtained using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and nested PCR from 10 long-term slow progressors (n = 1,396), and nested PCR from 36 control patients (n = 198), and 28 ART patients (n = 157), and these were then sequenced. The proportion of g Delta nef, premature stop codons, and not in-frame insertion or deletion of a nucleotide was compared between three phases, control, and ART patients. Results: The proportion of defective nef genes was significantly higher in on-KRG patients (15.6%) than in baseline (5.7%), control (5.6%), on-KRG plus ART phase (7.8%), and on-ART patients (6.6%; p < 0.01). Small in-frame deletions or insertions were significantly more frequent among patients treated with KRG alone compared with controls (p < 0.01). Significantly fewer instances of genetic defects were detected in samples taken during the KRG plus ART phase (7.8%; p < 0.01). The earliest defects detected were g Delta nef and small in-frame deletions after 7 mo and 67 mo of KRG intake, respectively. Conclusion: KRG treatment might induce genetic defects in the nef gene. This report provides new insight into the importance of genetic defects in the pathogenesis of AIDS. (C) 2017 The Korean Society of Ginseng, Published by Elsevier Korea LLC.
Aims: Verrucous carcinoma (VC) is a variant of well-differentiated squamous cell carcinoma and in the anal region is regarded as synonymous with giant condyloma (Buschke-Lowenstein tumour) (BLT). Aetiology, diagnostic criteria and clinical behaviour of both lesions are controversial. Recent studies suggest that VC at other sites is not associated with human papillomaviruses (HPV). We hypothesized that anal VC is also not related to HPV, while BLT is a HPV-induced lesion. Methods and results: Ten cases of VC and four cases of BLT were included. Several techniques were used for HPV detection: in-situ hybridization for HPV6, 11, 16 and 18, six different polymerase chain reaction (PCR) protocols for detection of at least 89 HPV types from alpha-, beta-, gamma- and mu-PV genera and in-situ hybridization for high-risk HPV E6/E7 mRNA; p16 immunohistochemistry and morphometric analysis were also performed. Alpha-, gamma- and mu-PVs were not found in any case of VC, while HPV6 was detected in all cases of BLT. p16 overexpression was not present in any of the lesions. Among microscopic features, only the absence of koilocytosis and enlarged spinous cells seem to be useful to distinguish VC from BLT. Conclusions: Our results suggest that anal VC, similarly to VC at other sites, is not associated with HPV infection, and must be distinguished from BLT, which is associated with low-risk HPV. Only with well-set diagnostic criteria will it be possible to ascertain clinical behaviour and optimal treatment for both lesions.
Purpose This study was conducted to investigate the role of four polymorphic variants of DNA methyltransferase genes as risk factors for radiation-induced fibrosis in breast cancer patients. We also assessed their ability to improve prediction accuracy when combined with mitochondrial haplogroup H, which we previously found to be independently associated with a lower hazard of radiation-induced fibrosis. Materials and Methods DNMT1 rs2228611, DNMT3A rs1550117, DNMT3A rs7581217, and DNMT3B rs2424908 were genotyped by real-time polymerase chain reaction in 286 Italian breast cancer patients who received radiotherapy after breast conserving surgery. Subcutaneous fibrosis was scored according to the Late Effects of Normal Tissue-Subjective Objective Management Analytical (LENT-SOMA) scale. The discriminative accuracy of genetic models was assessed by the area under the receiver operating characteristic curves (AUC). Results Kaplan-Meier curves showed significant differences among DNMT1 rs2228611 genotypes in the cumulative incidence of grade 2 subcutaneous fibrosis (log-rank test p-value= 0.018). Multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed DNMT1 rs2228611 as an independent protective factor for moderate to severe radiation -induced fibrosis (GG vs. M; hazard ratio, 0.26; 95% confidence interval [Cl], 0.10 to 0.71; p=0.009). Adding DNMT1 rs2228611to haplogroup H increased the discrimination accuracy (AUC) of the model from 0.595 (95% Cl, 0.536 to 0.653) to 0.655 (95% CI, 0.597 to 0.710). Conclusion DNMT1 rs2228611 may represent a determinant of radiation-induced fibrosis in breast cancer patients with promise for clinical usefulness in genetic-based predictive models.
Although equine herpesvirus myeloencephalopathy (EHM) is a sporadic and relatively uncommon manifestation of equine herpesvirus-1 (EHV-1), it has the potential for causing devastating outbreaks in horses. Up till now, there were no reported EHM outbreaks in donkeys and mules. This study describes the isolation and molecular characterization of EHV-1 from clinically EHM-affected horses (n = 6), mules (n = 3) and donkeys (n = 82) in Ethiopia during outbreaks from May 2011 to December 2013. The incidence of EHM cases was higher from April to mid-June. EHM in donkeys was more severe and death without clinical signs of paralysis, and recumbency was frequently observed. The main age of affected equines ranged from 7 to 10 years (n = 51; 56.0%), and females (n = 58; 63.7%) were more affected than males. The incidence of neuropathogenic (D-752) and non-neuropathogenic (N-752) variants of EHV-1 from EHM-affected equines in Ethiopia was assessed by sequencing the DNA polymerase gene (ORF30) of the EHV-1 isolates. The results indicated that from the total of 91 clinically affected equines, 90 (98.9%) of them had an ORF30 D-752 genotype. An ORF30 N-752 variant was only found in one donkey. Analysis of ORF68 as grouping marker for geographical differences showed that the Ethiopian EHV-1 isolates belong to geographical group 4. Due to the fatal nature of EHV-1 in donkeys, it would be interesting to examine the pathogenesis of EHM in this species. At present, there is no vaccine available in Ethiopia, and therefore, outbreaks of EHV-1 should be controlled by proper management adaptations. In addition, it is important to test the efficacy of the commercial vaccines not only in horses, but also in donkeys and mules.
Considering that mislabeled milk products have been widely reported throughout the world and that the authentication of food components is one of the key issues in food safety and quality, the aim of this study was to use DNA-based methods to investigate the prevalence of mislabeling among goat-milk products and, consequently, how far the ingredients matched the labels. The study reveals a high degree of species mislabeling in milk products (80%), underlining the need to enhance dairy traceability practices, so as to guarantee product authenticity, and provide reliable information to consumers. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Endothelial dysfunction and impaired endothelial regenerative capacity are key contributors to the high incidence of cardiovascular disease in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Uremic toxins are associated with this pathogenesis. Previous studies have revealed that a uremic toxin, para-cresol (p-cresol), exerts an antiproliferation effect on human endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), but the mechanism remains unclear. In the present study, reactive oxygen species (ROS) were confirmed to function as signaling molecules that regulate growth factor-dependent EPC proliferation. EPCs were treated with p-cresol for 72 h, using a concentration range typically found in CKD patients. ROS production was analyzed by fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry, and protein expression levels of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase, a major source of ROS, were analyzed by western blot analysis. mRNA expression levels of antioxidant genes were assessed by reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis. The results revealed that p-cresol partially inhibits ROS production, and this effect may be associated with a significant reduction in cytochrome b-245 alpha and beta chain expression in EPCs. An increase of glutathione peroxidase 4 mRNA expression was also detected. In conclusion, the present study revealed that the antiproliferation effect of p-cresol on EPCs might act via its antioxidant activity. The results of the present study may facilitate understanding of uremic toxin toxicity on the cardiovascular system.
Rolling circle amplification (RCA) is an isothermal amplification technique with high efficiency and perfect accuracy for nucleic acids detection. However, RCA technique suffers the limitation to detect short DNA or RNA molecules. For long nucleic acid molecules, enzymatic restriction as well as heat denaturation process is usually required, which makes the amplification not effective and strictly isothermal. In this article, a simple and efficient one-pot self-primed isothermal amplification (SIA) was developed for detection of genomic DNA directly based on the combination of nicking endonuclease assisted strand displacement amplification (SDA) and exponential RCA. In virtue of numerous nicking sites on the genome, a pre-amplification of the whole genome was performed through SDA with the specific cleaving of nicking endonuclease. Meanwhile, the single strand DNA with HPV target sequence generated from SDA could hybrid with the circle probe as a primer and trigger the exponential RCA as a result of the existence of nicking endonuclease. As the reaction temperature and enzyme were the same, the amplification could be operated in one pot. The reaction solution after amplification was added on the electrode for hybridization with the sulfydryl probe to achieve the electrochemical signal. Based on the isothermal amplification, genotyping of HPV 11, 16, 18 and the detection of HPV 18 in Hela cell line were attempted with satisfied results. This approach should be a promising tool for pathogene detection in clinical diagnostics and research.
African horse sickness (AHS) is a fatal disease of equids relevant to the global equine industry. Detection of AHS virus (AHSV) during outbreaks has become more rapid and efficient with the advent of group specific reverse transcriptase quantitative polymerase chain reaction (GS RT-qPCR) assays to detect AHSV nucleic acid. Use of GS RT-qPCR together with recently described type specific (TS RT-qPCR) assays cannot only expedite diagnosis of AHS but also facilitate further evaluation of the dynamics of AHSV infection in the equine host. A potential limitation to the application of these assays is that they detect viral nucleic acid originating from any AHS live attenuated vaccine (LAV), which is the vaccine type routinely administered to horses in South Africa. The aim of this study was to contrast the dynamics and duration of the RNAaemia to the serological responses of horses following immunization with a commercial polyvalent AHSV-LAV using GS and TS RT-qPCR assays and serum neutralisation tests. The results of the study showed extended RNAemia in vaccinated horses, and that more horses tested positive on GS RT-qPCR with lower Cq values after receiving the AHSV-LAV containing types 1, 3 and 4 prior to the vaccine containing types 2, 6, 7 and 8, rather than when the vaccine combinations were reversed. Furthermore, lower Cq values were obtained when vaccines were administered 4 weeks apart as compared with a longer interval or 12 weeks apart. These findings are of particular relevance in regions where AHSV-LAVs are used as the use of these vaccines may complicate the accurate interpretation of diagnostic testing results. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The objective of this study was to assess the sensitivity of the Omni Klentaq-LA DNA polymerase for detecting Aleutian mink disease virus (AMDV) in mink blood and tissues by PCR without DNA extraction. The presence of AMDV DNA was directly tested by Klentaq in the plasma, serum, whole blood, and spleen homogenates of 188 mink 4 and 16 months after inoculation with the virus. Samples from bone marrow, small intestine, liver, lungs, kidneys, and lymph nodes of 20 of the same mink were also tested by Klentaq. DNA was extracted from paired samples of plasma and the aforesaid tissues by a commercial nucleic acid extraction kit (Dynabeads Silane) and tested by PCR. Compared with the extracted DNA, Klentaq detected a significantly greater number of samples in the whole blood, serum, plasma, spleen, and small intestine. It was concluded that Klentaq is a preferred system for directly detecting AMDV DNA in mink blood and tissues. The lower success rate of extracted DNA compared with Klentaq could be the result of DNA losses during the extraction process. This is an important factor in chronically infected mink, which have a low AMDV copy number in the bloodstream. Direct AMDV detection also reduces the cost of PCR amplification and lowers the risk of sample contamination.
Aim: The dengue virus is responsible for a high worldwide incidence of infections, aggravated by late diagnosis, and often confused with other tropical diseases. Results/methodology: Oligonucleotide aptamers binding to the 5'-UTR from dengue virus selected after eight rounds by systematic evolution of ligands by exponential enrichment technology were analyzed by dot-blot assay and in silico prediction of secondary structures, demonstrating the presence of stem-loops that may have the potential for interaction with the viral genome, which can lead to loss of their original conformation. Conclusion: This is the first description of RNA aptamers against functional RNA elements of the dengue virus genome with implications for disease control, which may have potential as tools in the future of antiviral therapies and for diagnostics.
Short-chain enoyl-CoA hydratase (SCEH) is a mitochondrial enzyme involved in the oxidation of fatty acids and the catabolic pathway of valine and, to a lesser extent, isoleucine. Deficiency of this enzyme was recently shown to cause an early childhood Leigh syndrome phenotype. The few reported patients were compound heterozygotes for two missense or missense with truncating variants in ECHS1 that encodes SCEH. We describe two siblings with severe refractory lactic acidosis and death within the first 2 days of life. Following negative clinical whole-exome and whole-genome sequencing, we resorted to autozygome/exome analysis on research basis and identified a homozygous splice site mutation (c.88+5G>A) in the two cases. Analysis of cDNA confirmed complete replacement of the normal transcript with an aberrant transcript (r.88_89ins 88+1_88+11) predicting premature truncation of the protein [p.(Ala31Glufs*23)]. Furthermore, quantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RTPCR) showed marked reduction in ECHS1, most likely nonsense-mediated decay (NMD)-mediated. This is the first report of homozygosity for a truncating mutation in ECHS1, which may explain the severe phenotype. Our report highlights the need to consider SCEH deficiency in patients with lethal neonatal lactic acidosis, and the potentially limited sensitivity of untargeted genomic sequencing towards non-canonical splicing mutations, which may explain at least some of the negative' cases on clinical exome/genome sequencing.
Two newly established canine histiocytic sarcoma (HS) cell lines, designated as PWC-HS01 and FCR-HS02, were obtained from brain and articular tumors, respectively. These 2 HS cell lines had phagocytic ability and modal chromosome aberrations. Although morphologic features of both HS cells were similar, immunocytochemical examinations revealed that the PWC-HS01 cell line expressed both dendritic cell (ie, S100, CD208, CD1, and CD4) and macrophage (ie, CD68, CD163, and CD204) markers. In contrast, the FCR-HS02 cell line was immunonegative for CD204 and CD68 but consistently positive for the dendritic cell markers. Moreover, reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction analyses confirmed histiocytic differentiation of both HS cell lines. These results suggest that HS from the central nervous system may have a tendency to be more undifferentiated compared with cases from other organs. In addition, the 2 newly established HS cell lines were also tumorigenic and metastatic in immunodeficient mice, supporting that these cell lines can be used as new tumor models for investigating canine histiocytic diseases.
At present, survivin is one of the most cancer-specific proteins that has been identified. The present study aimed to investigate the antitumor effects of novel survivin small interfering RNA (siRNA) nanoliposomes targeting survivin in human hepatocellular carcinoma MHCC-97H cells and xenograft mouse models. Survivin-targeted siRNA nanoliposomes were prepared and transfected into MHCC-97H cells and MHCC-97H-bearing nude mice. Survivin expression was analyzed using reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) and western blotting. Cell viability was analyzed using an MTT assay and apoptosis was evaluated using Hoechst and Annexin V-fluorescein isothiocyanate/propidium iodide staining. Tumor growth in MHCC-97H-bearing mice was monitored following treatment and tumor samples were obtained for survivin expression analysis using RT-qPCR, western blotting and immunohistochemistry staining. Survivin expression levels were significantly down-regulated by nanoliposome-mediated survivin siRNA delivery and this was associated with a significant inhibition of cell growth and an increase in the apoptosis of MHCC-97H cells. Downregulation of survivin expression using survivin siRNA nanoliposomes inhibited tumor growth in the MHCC-97H xenograft models without significant treatment-associated toxicity. Therefore, a cationic nanoliposome-based survivin siRNA delivery system was constructed and demonstrated to be efficient for survivin siRNA delivery in in vitro and in vivo studies. These results demonstrate that survivin downregulation was able to significantly attenuate cell proliferation and induce the apoptosis of MHCC-97H cells, as well as inhibit tumor cell growth in MHCC-97H xenograft models, indicating that survivin suppression using siRNA may contribute to the inhibition of tumor development by suppressing cell proliferation and promoting apoptosis.
Replacement of beef by buffalo and vice versa is frequent in global markets, but their authentication is challenging in processed foods due to the fragmentation of most biomarkers including DNA. The shortening of target sequences through use of two target sites might ameliorate assay reliability because it is highly unlikely that both targets will be lost during food processing. For the first time, we report a tetraplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay targeting two different DNA regions in beef (106 and 120-bp) and buffalo (90 and 138-bp) mitochondrial genes to discriminate beef and buffalo in processed foods. All targets were stable under boiling, autoclaving and microwave cooking conditions. A survey in Malaysian markets revealed 71% beef curries contained buffalo but there was no buffalo in beef burgers. The assay detected down to 0.01 ng DNA and 1% meat in admixed and burger products. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Circular RNAs are a special class of endogenous RNAs characterized by jointing 3' and 5' ends together via exon or intron circularization. Recent studies found that circular RNAs are involved in the development of some human diseases. However, little is known about their roles in human gastric cancer. In this study, we chose hsa_circ_0001895 as a targeted circRNA to investigate its clinical significances in gastric cancer patients. Hsa_circ_0001895 expression levels in five gastric cancer cell lines and 257 specimens of tissues were measured by real-time quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. Then, the potential relationship between hsa_circ_0001895 expression levels and patients' clinicopathological factors was investigated. A receiver operating characteristic curve was constructed for evaluating the diagnostic value of hsa_circ_0001895. Hsa_circ_0001895 expression levels in five detected gastric cancer cell lines (AGS, BGC-823, HGC-27, MGC-803, and SGC-7901) were all significantly downregulated than those in normal gastric epithelial GES-1 cells. Besides, compared with healthy control tissues, it was downregulated not only in 69.8% (67/96) gastric cancer tissues but also in gastric precancerous lesions. Moreover, hsa_circ_0001895 expression levels were significantly correlated with cell differentiation, Borrmann type, and tissue carcino-embryonic antigen expression. Our results suggested that hsa_circ_0001895 may play crucial roles during gastric cancerogenesis and is a potential biomarker for clinical prognosis prediction.
ObjectivesMicroRNA-155 (miR-155) regulates T-cell differentiation and activation. It has also been associated with HIV infection. However, it remains unclear whether miR-155 is related to the T-cell response in HIV-infected individuals (e.g. T-cell activation and exhaustion). MethodsWe performed a cross-sectional study involving 121 HIV-1-infected patients on highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) and 43 HAART-naive patients. MiR-155 levels in the peripheral blood were determined by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (PCR). T-cell immune activation, exhaustion, and homeostasis were measured by determining the expression of CD38, programmed death 1 (PD-1) and CD127 via flow cytometry. ResultsThe levels of miR-155 in total peripheral blood mononuclear cells, CD4 T cells and CD8 T cells from HIV-1-infected patients were increased (P < 0.01). Nonresponders and HAART-naive patients also exhibited a higher percentage of CD8(+)CD38(+) T cells and a lower percentage of CD4(+)CD127(+) and CD8(+)CD127(+) T cells (P < 0.05). We also found higher levels of PD-1 expression on the CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells of HIV-1-infected patients (P < 0.05). ConclusionsOur findings suggest that miR-155 levels in the peripheral blood of HIV-1-infected patients are increased and associated with T-cell activation. Therefore, miR-155 is a potential biomarker of the immune response following HIV-1 infection.
Currently in China, the schistosomiasis control program has shifted its focus from transmission control to the elimination of the disease. Effective forecast and surveillance systems of schistiosomiasis are of great importance for issuing timely and early warnings on risk of infection, and therefore implementing preventive measures to avoid infection. There is great demand in more sensitive and specific methods to improve the surveillance system for early detection of S. japonicum infection in sentinel mice. In this study, we reported a sensitive nested-PCR assay targeting a 303-bp fragment from highly repetitive retrotransposon SjCHGCSI9 to detect the S. japonicum DNA in sera of experimental mice. Meanwhile, detection efficacy of the nested-PCR was compared with two conventional methods for field monitoring schistosomiasis such as ELISA and IHA. The nested-PCR assay could detect the specific DNA at 3-day post infection in sera of mice with 5 cercariae infection, while for ELISA and IHA, both show negative results even after 2 weeks post-infection in mice with 20 cercariae infection. Our results demonstrated the DNA based assay was more sensitive to make early diagnosis of S. japonicum infection in sentinel mice models, which will improve the early-warning ability of schistosomiasis surveillance system. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Inc.
We tested wild birds in Poland during 2008-15 for avian influenza virus (AIV). We took 10,312 swabs and feces samples from 6,314 live birds representing 12 orders and 84 bird species, mostly from orders Anseriformes and Charadriiformes, for testing and characterization by various PCR methods. From PCR-positive samples, we attempted to isolate and subtype the virus. The RNA of AIV was detected in 1.8% (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.5-2.1%) of birds represented by 48 Mallards (Anas platyrhynchos), 11 Mute Swans (Cygnus olor), 48 Common Teals (Anas crecca), three Black-headed Gulls (Chroicocephalus ridibundus), one Common Coot (Fulica atra), one Garganey (Spatula querquedula), and one unidentified bird species. Overall, the prevalence of AIV detection in Mallards and Mute Swans (the most frequently sampled species) was 2.0% (95% CI, 1.4-2.5%) and 0.5% (95% CI, 0.2-0.8%), respectively; the difference was statistically significant (P = 0.000). Hemagglutinin subtypes from H1 to H13 were identified, including H5 and H7 low pathogenic AIV subtypes. Mallards and Common Teals harbored the greatest diversity of subtypes. We observed seasonality of viral detection in Mallards, with higher AIV prevalence in late summer and autumn than in winter and spring. In addition, two peaks in AIV prevalence in summer (August) and autumn (November) were demonstrated for Mallards. The prevalence of AIV in Mute Swans did not show any statistically significant seasonal patterns.
Objective: Root resorption is a complication of orthodontic treatment and till date, there is a dearth of information regarding this issue. The aim of this study was to determine whether the expression of transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1, an inflammatory cytokine) is related to orthodontic force. Moreover, if associated, the expression level may be helpful in differential diagnosis, control and ultimate treatment of the disease. Materials and Methods: In this experimental study, a total of 24 eight-week-old male Wistar rats were selected randomly. On day 0, an orthodontic appliance, which consisted of a closed coil spring, was ligated to the upper right first molar and incisor. The upper left first molar in these animals was not placed under orthodontic force, thus serving as the control group. On day 21, after anesthesia, the animals were sacrificed. The rats were then divided into two equal groups where the first group was subjected to histological evaluation and the second group to reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Orthodontic tooth movement was measured in both groups to determine the influence of the applied force. Results: Statistical analysis of data showed a significant root resorption between the experimental group and control group (P<0.05), however, there was no significant difference in the expression level of the inflammatory cytokine, TGF-beta 1. Conclusion: Based on the findings of this study, we suggest that there is a direct relationship between orthodontic force and orthodontic induced inflammatory root resorption. In addition, no relationship is likely to exist between root resorption and TGF-beta 1 expression in the resorptive lacunae.
Objective: The aim of the present work was to determine the presence of various rickettsiae and protozoan in raw milk and the assessment the potential, milk-borne route in the spread of selected zoonotic pathogens. Materials: A total of 119 raw milk samples collected randomly from 63 cows, 29 goats, and 27 sheep bred on 34 farms situated on eight communities in eastern Poland were examined by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method for the presence of pathogenic rickettsiae (Coxiella burnetii, Anaplasma phagocytophilum, and Rickettsia spp.) and protozoan (Toxoplasma gondii). Results: The only prevalent pathogen was T. gondii, which was found in 10 samples of cow milk (15.9%), in one sample of goat milk (3.4%), and in one sample of sheep milk (3.7%). One sample of cow milk was positive for C. burnetii; however, the sequence analysis did not confirm any species of Coxiella or Coxiella-like organisms, but showed 100% homology to Psychrobacter alimentarius. None of the examined samples showed the presence of A. phagocytophilum or Rickettsia spp. Conclusions: The results of this study suggest a potential hazard of milk-borne Toxoplasma infection, mostly by consumption of raw cow milk. The milk-borne spread seems to be limited or nonsignificant in the case of C. burnetii, A. phagocytophilum, and Rickettsia spp. The false-positive sample for Coxiella spp. suggests that some care should be taken in the interpretation of the results obtained by using the PCR method.
In this study, we used cytotoxicity assays, proteomic and gene expression analyses to examine the difference in response of A549 cells to two silica particles that differ in physical properties, namely cristobalite (CR) and -quartz (Min-U-Sil 5, MI). Cytotoxicity assays such as lactate dehydrogenase release, 5-bromo-2-deoxyuridine incorporation and cellular ATP showed that both silica particles could cause cell death, decreased cell proliferation and metabolism in the A549 human lung epithelial cells. While cytotoxicity assays revealed little difference between CR and MI exposures, proteomic and gene expression analyses unveiled both similar and unique molecular changes in A549 cells. For instance, two-dimensional gel electrophoresis data indicated that the expression of proteins in the cell death (e.g., ALDH1A1, HTRA2 and PRDX6) and cell proliferation (e.g., FSCN1, HNRNPAB and PGK1) pathways were significantly different between the two silica particles. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction data provided additional evidence supporting the proteomic findings. Preliminary assessment of the physical differences between CR and MI suggested that the extent of surface interaction between particles and cells could explain some of the observed biological effects. However, the differential dose-response curves for some other genes and proteins suggest that other physical attributes of particulate matter can also contribute to particulate matter-related cellular toxicity. Our results demonstrated that toxicoproteomic and gene expression analyses are sensitive in distinguishing subtle toxicity differences associated with silica particles of varying physical properties compared to traditional cytotoxicity endpoints. Copyright (c) 2016 Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada. Journal of Applied Toxicology published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Citrullus colocynthis (L.) Schrad. is commonly known as colocynth. The fruit pulp of colocynth has medicinal properties while the seeds have nutritive qualities. C. colosynthis is resistant to high temperatures and grows in the desert regions of North Africa, the Middle East and Western Asia. C. colocynthis likely carries genes of interest that could be explored for inducing abiotic stress resistance in transgenic plants. Although the tissue culture and molecular biology of this species have been explored, the latter has been primarily used to resolve taxonomic relationships with other members of the Citrullus genus and curcubits. Genetic mining of the plant is scarce while genetic transformation protocols are also rare. The aim of the present review is to present a brief overview of the biotechnological perspectives of C. colocynthis.
Unravelling the molecular mechanisms of disease manifestations is important to understand pathologies and symptom development in plant science. Bacteria have evolved different strategies to manipulate their host metabolism for their own benefit. This bacterial manipulation is often coupled with severe symptom development or the death of the affected plants. Determining the specific bacterial molecules responsible for the host manipulation has become an important field in microbiological research. After the identification of these bacterial molecules, called "effectors," it is important to elucidate their function. A straightforward approach to determine the function of an effector is to identify its proteinaceous binding partner in its natural host via a yeast two-hybrid (Y2H) screen. Normally the host harbors numerous potential binding partners that cannot be predicted sufficiently by any in silico algorithm. It is thus the best choice to perform a screen with the hypothetical effector against a whole library of expressed host proteins. It is especially challenging if the causative agent is uncultivable like phytoplasma. This protocol provides step-by-step instructions for DNA purification from a phytoplasma-infected woody host plant, the amplification of the potential effector, and the subsequent identification of the plant's molecular interaction partner with a Y2H screen. Even though Y2H screens are commonly used, there is a trend to outsource this technique to biotech companies that offer the Y2H service at a cost. This protocol provides instructions on how to perform a Y2H in any decently equipped molecular biology laboratory using standard lab techniques.
Mastitis is defined as the inflammation of the mammary gland. There is generally no effective treatment for mastitis in animals. Puerarin, extracted from Radix puerariae, has been proven to possess many biological activities. The present study aims to reveal the potential mechanism that is responsible for the antiinflammatory action of puerarin in Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus)-induced mastitis in mice. Histopathological changes showed that puerarin ameliorated the inflammatory injury induced by S. aureus. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and ELISA analysis indicated that puerarin not only suppressed the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as TNF-, IL-1, and IL-6 but also promoted the secretion of IL-10. Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) is important in the immune defense against S. aureus infection. Research in molecular biology has shown that the expression of TLR2 was inhibited with administration of puerarin. Further studies were performed on NF-kB and mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathways using western blot. The results demonstrated that puerarin suppressed phosphorylated IkB, p65, p38, extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1and 2 (ERK), and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) in a dose-dependent manner. All of the results suggested that puerarin may be a potential therapy for treating mastitis. Copyright (c) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
There is an unmet need for herbal medicine identification using a fast, sensitive, and easy-to-use method that does not require complex infrastructure and well-trained technicians. For instance, the detection of adulterants in Lobelia chinensis herbal product has been challenging, since current detection technologies are not effective due to their own limits. High Resolution Melting (HRM) has emerged as a powerful new technology for clinical diagnosis, research in the food industry and in plant molecular biology, and this method has already highlighted the complexity of species identification. In this study, we developed a method of species specific detection of L. chinensis using HRM analysis combined with internal transcribed spacer 2. We then applied this method to commercial products purporting to contain L. chinensis. Our results demonstrated that HRM can differentiate L. chinensis from six common adulterants. HRM was proven to be a fast and accurate technique for testing the authenticity of L. chinensis in herbal products. Based on these results, a HRM approach for herbal authentication is provided .
Long-range electrostatic forces play an important role in molecular biology, particularly in macromolecular interactions. However, calculating the electrostatic forces for irregularly shaped molecules immersed in water is a difficult task. Here, we report a new tool, DelPhiForce, which is a tool in the DelPhi package that calculates and visualizes the electrostatic forces in biomolecular systems. In parallel, the DelPhi algorithm for modeling electrostatic potential at user-defined positions has been enhanced to include triquadratic and tricubic interpolation methods. The tricubic interpolation method has been tested against analytical solutions and it has been demonstrated that the corresponding errors are negligibly small at resolution 4 grids/angstrom. The DelPhiForce is further applied in the study of forces acting between partners of three protein-protein complexes. It has been demonstrated that electrostatic forces play a dual role by steering binding partners (so that the partners recognize their native interfaces) and exerting an electrostatic torque (if the mutual orientations of the partners are not native-like). The output of DelPhiForce is in a format that VMD can read and visualize, and provides additional options for analysis of protein-protein binding. DelPhiForce is available for download from the DelPhi webpage at http://compbio.clemson.edu/downloadDir/delphiforce.tar.gz (C) 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Background: During the last few years, investigators have debated the role that infectious agents may have in sarcoidosis pathogenesis. With the emergence of new molecular biology techniques, several studies have been conducted; therefore, we performed a meta-analysis in order to better explain this possible association. Methods: This review was conducted in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) statement from the Cochrane collaboration guidelines. Four different databases (Medline, Scopus, Web of Science, and Cochrane Collaboration) were searched for all original articles published from 1980 to 2015. The present meta-analysis included case-control studies that reported the presence of microorganisms in samples of patients with sarcoidosis using culture methods or molecular biology techniques. We used a random effects or a fixed-effect model to calculate the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Sensitivity and subgroup analyses were performed in order to explore the heterogeneity among studies. Results: Fifty-eight studies qualified for the purpose of this analysis. The present meta-analysis, the first, to our knowledge, in evaluation of all infectious agents proposed to be associated with sarcoidosis and involving more than 6000 patients in several countries, suggests an etiological link between Propionibacterium acnes and sarcoidosis, with an OR of 18.80 (95% CI 12.62, 28.01). We also found a significant association between sarcoidosis and mycobacteria, with an OR of 6.8 (95% CI 3.73, 12.39). Borrelia (OR 4.82; 95% CI 0.98, 23.81), HHV-8 (OR 1.47; 95% CI 0.02, 110.06) as well as Rickettsia helvetica, Chlamydia pneumoniae, Epstein-barr virus and Retrovirus, although suggested by previous investigations, were not associated with sarcoidosis. Conclusion: This meta-analysis suggests that some infectious agents can be associated with sarcoidosis. What seems clear is that more than one infectious agent might be implicated in the pathogenesis of sarcoidosis; probably the patient's geographical location might dictate which microorganisms are more involved. Future investigations and more clinical trials are need to bring these evidences to a more global level.
Chemokines are a family of small cytokines that share a typical key structure that is stabilized by disulfide bonds between the cysteine residues at the NH2-terminal of the protein, and they are secreted by a great variety of cells in several different conditions. Their function is directly dependent on their interactions with their receptors. Chemokines are involved in cell maturation and differentiation, infection, autoimmunity, cancer, and, in general, in any situation where immune components are involved. However, their role in postfracture inflammation and fracture healing is not yet well established. In this article, we will discuss the response of chemokines to bone fracture and their potential roles in postfracture inflammation and healing based on data from our studies and from other previously published studies.
Background: Variable ventilation has been shown to improve pulmonary function and reduce lung damage in different models of acute respiratory distress syndrome. Nevertheless, variable ventilation has not been tested during pneumonia. Theoretically, periodic increases in tidal volume (VT) and airway pressures might worsen the impairment of alveolar barrier function usually seen in pneumonia and could increase bacterial translocation into the bloodstream. We investigated the impact of variable ventilation on lung function and histologic damage, as well as markers of lung inflammation, epithelial and endothelial cell damage, and alveolar stress, and bacterial translocation in experimental pneumonia. Methods: Thirty-two Wistar rats were randomly assigned to receive intratracheal of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PA) or saline (SAL) (n = 16/group). After 24-h, animals were anesthetized and ventilated for 2 h with either conventional volume-controlled (VCV) or variable volume-controlled ventilation (VV), with mean VT = 6 mL/kg, PEEP = 5cmH(2)O, and FiO(2) = 0.4. During VV, tidal volume varied randomly with a coefficient of variation of 30% and a Gaussian distribution. Additional animals assigned to receive either PA or SAL (n = 8/group) were not ventilated (NV) to serve as controls. Results: In both SAL and PA, VV improved oxygenation and lung elastance compared to VCV. In SAL, VV decreased interleukin (IL)-6 expression compared to VCV (median [interquartile range]: 1.3 [0.3-2.3] vs. 5.3 [3.6-7.0]; p = 0.02) and increased surfactant protein-D expression compared to NV (2.5 [1.9-3.5] vs. 1.2 [0.8-1.2]; p = 0.0005). In PA, compared to VCV, VV reduced perivascular edema (2.5 [2.0-3.75] vs. 6.0 [4.5-6.0]; p < 0.0001), septum neutrophils (2. 0 [1.0-4.0] vs. 5.0 [3.3-6.0]; p = 0.0008), necrotizing vasculitis (3.0 [2.0-5.5] vs. 6.0 [6.0-6.0]; p = 0.0003), and ultrastructural lung damage scores (16 [14-17] vs. 24 [14-27], p < 0.0001). Blood colony-forming-unit (CFU) counts were comparable (7 [0-28] vs. 6 [0-26], p = 0.77). Compared to NV, VCV, but not VV, increased expression amphiregulin, IL-6, and cytokine-induced neutrophil chemoattractant (CINC)-1 (2.1 [1.6-2.5] vs. 0.9 [0.7-1.2], p = 0. 025; 12.3 [7.9-22.0] vs. 0.8 [0.6-1.9], p = 0.006; and 4.4 [2.9-5.6] vs. 0.9 [0.8-1.4], p = 0.003, respectively). Angiopoietin-2 expression was lower in VV compared to NV animals (0.5 [0.3-0.8] vs. 1.3 [1.0-1.5], p = 0.01). Conclusion: In this rat model of pneumonia, VV improved pulmonary function and reduced lung damage as compared to VCV, without increasing bacterial translocation.
Zymoseptoria tritici, the causal agent of septoria tritici blotch, a serious foliar disease of wheat, is a necrotrophic pathogen that undergoes a long latent period. Emergence of insensitivity to fungicides, and pesticide reduction policies, mean there is a pressing need to understand septoria and control it through greater varietal resistance. Stb6 and Stb15, the most common qualitative resistance genes in modern wheat cultivars, determine specific resistance to avirulent fungal genotypes following a gene-for-gene relationship. This study investigated compatible and incompatible interactions of wheat with Z. tritici using eight combinations of cultivars and isolates, with the aim of identifying molecular responses that could be used as markers for disease resistance during the early, symptomless phase of colonization. The accumulation of TaMPK3 was estimated using western blotting, and the expression of genes implicated in gene-for-gene interactions of plants with a wide range of other pathogens was measured by qRT-PCR during the presymptomatic stages of infection. Production of TaMPK3 and expression of most of the genes responded to inoculation with Z. tritici but varied considerably between experimental replicates. However, there was no significant difference between compatible and incompatible interactions in any of the responses tested. These results demonstrate that the molecular biology of the gene-for-gene interaction between wheat and Zymoseptoria is unlike that in many other plant diseases, indicate that environmental conditions may strongly influence early responses of wheat to infection by Z. tritici, and emphasize the importance of including both compatible and incompatible interactions when investigating the biology of this complex pathosystem.
Phaeodactylum tricornutum is a widely used model organism for studying diatom biology. We created a P. tricornutum-specific literature database, or bibliome, that can be interactively annotated by users to improve the relevance and accuracy of search queries. A bibliome represents the current knowledge about a specific organism or biological process and is the foundation for genome-scale computation models. The bibliome of P. tricornutum was assembled from literature searches of 'P. tricornutum' (as topic) in two different existing databases, the Web of Knowledge and PubMed resulting in 2497 independent articles. We manually curated the bibliome for relevance to biochemical, physiological, and molecular biology studies. Literature that described the use of P. tricornutum as feed source and ecotoxicology studies were excluded from the bibliome. This process resulted in a final list of 1124 entries -20% of which received additional classification in the form of notes or keywords. We present the bibliome in an HTML format that is easily searched and that can be customized according to the interests of individual researchers. This HTML tool can also easily be adapted for other algal species or specific research topics. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Hepatitis E virus (HEV) is a viral pathogen transmitted primarily via fecal-oral route. In humans, HEV mainly causes acute hepatitis and is responsible for large outbreaks of hepatitis across the world. The case fatality rate of HEV-induced hepatitis ranges from 0.5 to 3% in young adults and up to 30% in infected pregnant women. HEV strains infecting humans are classified into four genotypes. HEV strains from genotypes 3 and 4 are zoonotic, whereas those from genotypes 1 and 2 have no known animal reservoirs. Recently, notable progress has been accomplished for better understanding of HEV biology and infection, such as chronic HEV infection, in vitro cell culture system, quasi enveloped HEV virions, functions of the HEV proteins, mechanism of HEV antagonizing host innate immunity, HEV pathogenesis and vaccine development. However, further investigation on the cross-species HEV infection, host tropism, vaccine efficacy, and HEV-specific antiviral strategy is still needed. This review mainly focuses on molecular biology and infection of HEV and offers perspective new insight of this enigmatic virus.
The present study reports US independent classic articles published by American scientists from 1900 to 2014. We examined those articles that had been cited at least 1000 times since publication to the end of 2014 using the Science Citation Index Expanded in the Web of Science (WoS). We also applied a bibliometric indicator, the Y-index, to assess the contributions of the authors of these articles. The results showed that 4909 classic articles were published between 1916 and 2013, and that the most productive categories from the WoS were multidisciplinary sciences, biochemistry and molecular biology, and general and internal medicine. Science published most of these articles, and the three most productive institutions were Harvard University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Stanford University. The physicist, Edward Witten was the most prolific author and an article written by the biochemist, Marion Bradford at University of Georgia in 1976 had the highest number of citations. In addition, the article by Perdew, Burke and Ernzerhof at Tulane University had the highest number of citations in 2014.
The discovery of poly(ADP-ribose) >50 years ago opened a new field, leading the way for the discovery of the poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) family of enzymes and the ADP-ribosylation reactions that they catalyze. Although the field was initially focused primarily on the biochemistry and molecular biology of PARP-1 in DNA damage detection and repair, the mechanistic and functional understanding of the role of PARPs in different biological processes has grown considerably of late. This has been accompanied by a shift of focus from enzymology to a search for substrates as well as the first attempts to determine the functional consequences of site-specific ADP-ribosylation on those substrates. Supporting these advances is a host of methodological approaches from chemical biology, proteomics, genomics, cell biology, and genetics that have propelled new discoveries in the field. New findings on the diverse roles of PARPs in chromatin regulation, transcription, RNA biology, and DNA repair have been complemented by recent advances that link ADP-ribosylation to stress responses, metabolism, viral infections, and cancer. These studies have begun to reveal the promising ways in which PARPs may be targeted therapeutically for the treatment of disease. In this review, we discuss these topics and relate them to the future directions of the field.
Structural interactions between the endoplasmic reticular (ER) and mitochondrial membranes, in domains known as mitochondria-associated membranes (MAM), are crucial hubs for cellular signaling and cell fate. Particularly, these inter-organelle contact sites allow the transfer of calcium from the ER to mitochondria through the voltage-dependent anion channel (VDAC)/glucose-regulated protein 75 (GRP75)/inositol 1,4,5triphosphate receptor (IP3R) calcium channeling complex. While this subcellular compartment is under intense investigation in both physiological and pathological conditions, no simple and sensitive method exists to quantify the endogenous amount of ER-mitochondria contact in cells. Similarly, MAMs are highly dynamic structures, and there is no suitable approach to follow modifications of ER-mitochondria interactions without protein overexpression. Here, we report an optimized protocol based on the use of an in situ proximity ligation assay to visualize and quantify endogenous ER-mitochondria interactions in fixed cells by using the close proximity between proteins of the outer mitochondrial membrane (VDAC1) and of the ER membrane (IP3R1) at the MAM interface. Similar in situ proximity ligation experiments can also be performed with the GRP75/IP3R1 and cyclophilin D/IP3R1 pairs of antibodies. This assay provides several advantages over other imaging procedures, as it is highly specific, sensitive, and suitable to multiple-condition testing. Therefore, the use of this in situ proximity ligation assay should be helpful to better understand the physiological regulations of ER-mitochondria interactions, as well as their role in pathological contexts.
The advent of atomic force microscopy (AFM) has provided a powerful tool for investigating the behaviors of single native biological molecules under physiological conditions. AFM can not only image the conformational changes of single biological molecules at work with sub-nanometer resolution, but also sense the specific interactions of individual molecular pair with piconewton force sensitivity. In the past decade, the performance of AFM has been greatly improved, which makes it widely used in biology to address diverse biomedical issues. Characterizing the behaviors of single molecules by AFM provides considerable novel insights into the underlying mechanisms guiding life activities, contributing much to cell and molecular biology. In this article, we review the recent developments of AFM studies in single-molecule assay. The related techniques involved in AFM single-molecule assay were firstly presented, and then the progress in several aspects (including molecular imaging, molecular mechanics, molecular recognition, and molecular activities on cell surface) was summarized. The challenges and future directions were also discussed.
The aim of the current study was to use gene therapy to attenuate or reverse the degenerative process within the intervertabral disc. The effect of survivin gene therapy via lentiviral vector transfection on the course of intervertebral disc degeneration was investigated in the current study in an in vivo rabbit model. A total of 15 skeletally mature female New Zealand White rabbits were randomly divided into three groups: Punctured blank control group (group A, n=5), punctured empty vector control group (group B, n=5) and the treatment group (group C, n=5). Computed tomography-guided puncture was performed at the L3-L4 and L4-L5 discs, in accordance with a previously validated rabbit annulotomy model for intervertebral disc degeneration. After 3 weeks, a lentiviral vector (LV) carrying survivin was injected into the nucleus pulposus. The results demonstrated that through magnetic resonance imaging, histology, gene expression, protein content and apoptosis analyses, group A and B were observed to exhibit disc degeneration, which increased over time, and no significant difference was observed between the two groups (P>0.05). However, there was reduced disc degeneration in group C compared with the punctured control groups, and the difference was statistically significant (P<0.05). Overall, the results of the present study demonstrated that injection of the LV carrying survivin into punctured rabbit intervertebral discs acted to delay changes associated with the degeneration of the discs. Although data from animal models should be extrapolated to the human condition with caution, the present study suggests potential for the use of gene therapy to decelerate disc degeneration.
Fluorescent proteins (FPs) are well known and broadly used as bio-imaging markers in molecular biology research. Many FP genes were cloned from anthozoan species and it was suggested that multi-copies of these genes are present in their genomes. However, the full complement of FP genes in any single coral species remained unidentified. In this study, we analyzed the FP genes in two stony coral species. FP cDNA sequences from Acropora digitifera and Acropora tenuis revealed the presence of a multi-gene family with an unexpectedly large number of genes, separated into short-/middle-wavelength emission (S/MWE), middle-/long-wavelength emission (M/LWE), and chromoprotein (CP) clades. FP gene copy numbers in the genomes of four A. digitifera colonies were estimated as 16-22 in the S/MWE, 3-6 in the M/LWE, and 8-12 in the CP clades, and, in total, 35, 31, 33, and 33 FP gene copies per individual shown by quantitative PCR. To the best of our knowledge, these are the largest sets of FP genes per genome. The fluorescent light produced by recombinant protein products encoded by the newly isolated genes explained the fluorescent range of live A. digitifera, suggesting that the high copy multi-FP gene family generates coral fluorescence. The functionally diverse multi-FP gene family must have existed in the ancestor of Acropora species, as suggested by molecular phylogenetic and evolutionary analyses. The persistence of a diverse function and high copy number multi-FP gene family may indicate the biological importance of diverse fluorescence emission and light absorption in Acropora species.
Genomic DNA of good quality is a prerequisite in molecular biology studies involved in deciphering the information contained in the molecules that are chosen for studying the evolutionary interrelationships among taxa. Genomic DNA should be free of contaminants which may otherwise interfere while performing PCR. This is particularly essential while isolating genomic DNA from gastropods due to the presence of large amounts of mucopolysaccharides in their tissues. In the present study, we have developed a new method for obtaining high quality genomic DNA from a pulmonate snail Achatina fulica, which secretes a large amount of mucus. In this method, we have obtained good quality genomic DNA, compatible for downstream molecular biology applications like PCR and sequencing of 16S rDNA. The yield of the genomic DNA was 2790 mu g/ml. This method may be extended for isolating high quality genomic DNA from different gastropods native to Indian sub-continent, which serves as a starting point for studying their phylogenetic affinities.
Integration of research experience into classroom is an important and vital experience for all undergraduates. These course-based undergraduate research experiences (CUREs) have grown from independent instructor lead projects to large consortium driven experiences. The impact and importance of CUREs on students at all levels in biochemistry was the focus of a National Science Foundation funded think tank. The state of biochemistry CUREs and suggestions for moving biochemistry forward as well as a practical guide (supplementary material) are reported here. (c) 2016 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 45(1):7-12, 2017.
Viewing and manipulating three-dimensional (3D) structures in molecular graphics software are essential tasks for researchers and students to understand the functions of molecules. Currently, the way to manipulate a 3D molecular object is mainly based on mouse-and-keyboard control that is usually difficult and tedious to learn. While gesture-based and touch-based interactions are increasingly popular in interactive software systems, their suitability in handling molecular graphics has not yet been sufficiently explored. Here, we designed the gesture-based and touch-based interaction methods to manipulate virtual objects in PyMOL utilizing the motion and touch sensors in a mobile device. Three fundamental viewing controls-zooming, translation and rotation-and frequently used functions were implemented. Results from a pilot user study reveal that task performances on viewing controls using a mobile device are slightly reduced as compared to mouse-and-keyboard method. However, it is considered to be more suitable for oral presentations and equally suitable for education scenarios such as school classes. Overall, PyMOL mControl provides an alternative way to manipulate objects in molecular graphic software with new user experiences. The software is freely available at . (c) 2016 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 45(1):76-83, 2017.
Therapeutic interventions for advanced prostate cancer (PCa) center on inhibiting androgen receptor (AR) and downstream signaling pathways. Resistance to androgen deprivation therapy and/or AR antagonists is inevitable and molecular mechanisms driving castration-resistant PCa (CR-PCa) primarily involve alterations in AR expression and activity. Detailed molecular biology work over the past decade, discussed at length in this review article, has revealed several AR transcripts that result from alternative splicing. These AR splice variants are increased in cell and mouse models of CR-PCa and in CR-PCa tumors. Several AR variants lack the ligand binding domain, but retain their ability to bind DNA and activate transcription-linking constitutive AR function and therapeutic failure. ARV7 is the only variant endogenously detected at the protein level and thus has undergone more thorough molecular characterization. Clinical trials in PCa are currently investigating ARV7 utility as a biomarker and new therapeutics that inhibit ARV7. Overall, this review will illustrate the historical perspectives of AR splice variant discovery using fundamental molecular biology techniques and how it changed the clinical approach to both therapeutic decisions and strategy. The body of work investigating AR splice variants in PCa represents a true example of translational research from bench to bedside.
In 2008, we established the Integrated Graduate Program in Physical and Engineering Biology (IGPPEB) at Yale University. Our goal was to create a comprehensive graduate program to train a new generation of scientists who possess a sophisticated understanding of biology and who are capable of applying physical and quantitative methodologies to solve biological problems. Here we describe the framework of the training program, report on its effectiveness, and also share the insights we gained during its development and implementation. The program features co-teaching by faculty with complementary specializations, student peer learning, and novel hands-on courses that facilitate the seamless blending of interdisciplinary research and teaching. It also incorporates enrichment activities to improve communication skills, engage students in science outreach, and foster a cohesive program cohort, all of which promote the development of transferable skills applicable in a variety of careers. The curriculum of the graduate program is integrated with the curricular requirements of several Ph.D.-granting home programs in the physical, engineering, and biological sciences. Moreover, the wide-ranging recruiting activities of the IGPPEB serve to enhance the quality and diversity of students entering graduate school at Yale. We also discuss some of the challenges we encountered in establishing and optimizing the program, and describe the institution-level changes that were catalyzed by the introduction of the new graduate program. The goal of this article is to serve as both an inspiration and as a practical "how to" manual for those who seek to establish similar programs at their own institutions. (C) 2016 The Authors Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Immunohistochemistry (IHC) is a widely-tested, low-cost and rapid ancillary technique available in all laboratories of pathology. This method is generally used for diagnostic purposes, but several studies have investigated the sensitivity and specificity of different immunohistochemical anti-bodies as a surrogate test in the determination of predictive biomarkers in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), particularly for Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) gene mutations, Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase (ALK) gene and ROS1 rearrangements. In this review, a critical examination of the works comparing the consistency of IHC expression and conventional molecular techniques to identify genetic alterations with predictive value in NSCLC is discussed. Summarizing, data on sensitivity and specificity of antibodies against ALK and ROS1 are very consistent and time has come to trust in IHC at least as a cost-effective screening tool to identify patients with rearranged tumors in clinical practice. On the other hand, mutant-specific antibodies against EGFR demonstrate a good specificity but a lowto- fair sensitivity, raising some cautions on their employment as robust predictive biomarkers. A brief comment on preliminary experiences with antibodies against BRAF, RET, HER2 and c-MET is also included.
Background: Autophagy is a bulk degradation pathway for long-lived proteins, protein aggregates, and damaged organelles. ULK1 protein kinase and Vps34 lipid kinase are two key autophagy regulators that are critical for autophagosome biogenesis. However, it isn't fully understood how ULK1 regulates Vps34, especially in the context of disease. Polyglutamine expansion in huntingtin (Htt) causes aberrant accumulation of the aggregated protein and disrupts various cellular pathways including autophagy, a lysosomal degradation pathway, underlying the pathogenesis of Huntington's disease (HD). Although autophagic clearance of Htt aggregates is under investigation as therapeutic strategy for HD, the precise mechanism of autophagy impairment remains poorly understood. Moreover, in-vivo assays of autophagy have been particularly challenging due to lack of reliable and robust molecular biomarkers. Method: We generated anti-phosphorylated ATG14 antibody to determine ATG14-mediated autophagy regulation; we employed Huntington's disease (HD) genetic cell models and animal models as well as autophagy reporter animal model to understand autophagy signaling and regulation in vivo. We applied biochemical analysis and molecular biology approaches to dissect the alteration of autophagy kinase activity and regulation. Results: Here, we demonstrate that ULK1 phosphorylates ATG14 at serine 29 in an mTOR-dependent manner. This phosphorylation critically regulates ATG14-Vps34 lipid kinase activity to control autophagy level. We also show that ATG14-associated Vps34 activity and ULK1-mediated phosphorylation of ATG14 and Beclin 1 are compromised in the Q175 mouse model of Huntington's disease. Finally, we show that ATG14 phosphorylation is decreased during general proteotoxic stress caused by proteasomal inhibition. This reduction of the specific phosphorylation of ATG14 and Beclin 1 is mediated, in part, by p62-induced sequestration of ULK1 to an insoluble cellular fraction. We show that increased ULK1 levels and phosphor-mimetic mutant ATG14 facilitate the clearance of polyQ mutant in cells. Conclusion: Our study identifies a new regulatory mechanism for ATG14-Vps34 kinase activity by ULK1, which can be used as valuable molecular markers for in-vivo autophagic activity as well as potential therapeutic target for the clearance of polyglutamine disease protein.
The discovery of the importance of kinase activity and its relationship to the emergence and proliferation of cancer cells, due to changes in normal physiology, opened a remarkable pathway for the treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia through intense search of drug candidates. Six Abl kinase inhibitors have received the US FDA approval as chronic myelogenous leukemia treatment, and continuous efforts in obtaining new, more effective and selective molecules are being carried out. Herein we discuss the mechanisms of Abl inhibition, structural features and ligand/protein interactions that are important for the design of new Abl kinase inhibitors. This review provides a broad overview of binding mode predictions, through molecular docking, which can be an approach to discover novel Abl kinase inhibitors.
Protein-protein interaction is a vital process which drives many important physiological processes in the cell and has also been implicated in several diseases. Though the protein-protein interaction network is quite complex but understanding its interacting partners using both in silico as well as molecular biology techniques can provide better insights for targeting such interactions. Targeting protein-protein interaction with small molecules is a challenging task because of druggability issues. Nevertheless, several studies on the kinetics as well as thermodynamic properties of protein-protein interactions have immensely contributed toward better understanding of the affinity of these complexes. But, more recent studies on hot spots and interface residues have opened up new avenues in the drug discovery process. This approach has been used in the design of hot spot based modulators targeting protein-protein interaction with the objective of normalizing such interactions. (c) 2016 The Authors. Production and hosting by Elsevier B. V. on behalf of King Saud University. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-NDlicense (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
The microbial populations in the activated sludge of two Polish wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) were identified and quantified using Illumina sequencing of 16S ribosomal RNA amplicons over a 2-year period. Their dynamics over time were compared to Danish WWTPs (data collected in previous studies by Center for Microbial Communities, Aalborg University). The bacterial communities in Polish and Danish WWTPs were similar to each other, but the microbial diversity in Polish WWTPs was lower. The dominant genera in Polish WWTPs were more abundant than in Danish WWTPs; 30 of them constituted more than half the of activated sludge community. Polish WWTPs showed a higher abundance of bacteria involved in nitrogen and chemical oxygen demand removal (Proteobacteria and Bacteroidetes), while polyphosphate-acculumating bacteria were the dominant bacterial group in Danish plants. The microbial community structures in the examined Polish WWTPs were relatively similar to each other and showed strong seasonal variations which are not normally observed in Danish WWTPs.
This article presents a microfluidic approach for the integration of the process of aptamer selection via systematic evolution of ligands by exponential enrichment (SELEX). The approach employs bead-based biochemical reactions in which affinity-selected target-binding oligonucleotides are electrokinetically transferred for amplification, while the amplification product is transferred back for affinity selection via pressure-driven fluid flow. The hybrid approach simplifies the device design and operation procedures by reduced pressure-driven flow control requirements and avoids the potentially deleterious exposure of targets to electric fields prior to and during affinity selection. In addition, bead-based reactions are used to achieve the on-chip coupling of affinity selection and amplification of target-binding oligonucleotides, thereby realizing on-chip loop closure and integration of the entire SELEX process without requiring offline procedures. The microfluidic approach is thus capable of closed-loop, multiround aptamer enrichment as demonstrated by selection of DNA aptamers against the protein immunoglobulin E with high affinity (K-D = 12 nM) in a rapid manner (4 rounds in approximately 10 h).
Beyond the universality of the symmetry concept, there are different emphases on its application in different branches of science. Chemistry, being between particle physics and astrophysics, represents a bridge in, and a utilitarian approach to, the application of the symmetry concept, which has proved immensely fruitful in twentieth-century science. Some pivotal discoveries, especially in structural chemistry, molecular biology, and materials science, emerged by relaxing some of the stipulations of the classical teachings about symmetry. This highly personal presentation relies on ideas expressed by a number of notable individuals in recent science, among them J. Desmond Bernal, Francis Crick, Ronald J. Gillespie, Aleksandr I. Kitaigorodskii, Alan L. Mackay, George A. Olah, Linus Pauling, Roger Penrose, Dan Shechtman, James D. Watson, Steven Weinberg, and Eugene P. Wigner.
Gene promoters have variable repartition of AGCT nucleotides according to some probabilistic behaviours essentially depending on their position in a string. The paper aims to provide a model for this configuration. With this model we derive non-uniform confidence bounds for those probability distributions in the strings. A uniform bound deriving from previous works in Wu and Zhao [Inference of trends in time series. J R Stat Soc B. 2007; 69: 391-410] is more demanding for the model. A data-based study allows to clarify our suggestions and open the way for applications in molecular biology.
Three genes, gnd, pgl, and fbp, relevant to the pentose phosphate pathway (PPP) were overexpressed in Corynebacterium glutamicum IWJ001, leading to increase of L-isoleucine production. The transcriptional levels of gnd, pgl, and fbp significantly increased in IWJ001/pDXW-8-gnd-fbp-pgl. Compared with the control strain IWJ001/pDXW-8, intracellular NADPH/NADP(+) ratios in IWJ001/pDXW-8-gnd and IWJ001/pDXW-8-gnd-fbp cells grown for 36 H increased threefold and fourfold, respectively, indicating that overexpression of gnd and fbp redirected the carbon flux to PPP. Intracellular NADPH/NADP(+) ratio in IWJ001/pDXW-8-gnd-fbp-pgl grown for 36 H was similar to IWJ001/pDXW-8, suggesting that the NADPH produced by PPP could be quickly consumed for L-isoleucine production. 10.9 and 28.96 g/L of L-isoleucine was produced in IWJ001/pDXW-8-gnd-fbp-pgl in shake flask cultivation and fed-batch fermentation, respectively. In addition, IWJ001/pDXW-8-gnd-fbp-pgl grew fast, its dry cell weight reached 49 g/L after 48 H, whereas the start strain IWJ001/pDXW-8 reached only 40 g/L. After 96 H fermentation, L-isoleucine yield on glucose in IWJ001/pDXW-8-gnd-fbp-pgl reached 0.138 g/g. The results demonstrate that carbon flux redirection to PPP is an efficient approach to enhance L-isoleucine production in C. glutamicum. (C) 2015 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc. Volume 63, Number 6, Pages 877-885, 2016
Lung cancer remains the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in both men and women. However, the discovery of several oncogenic driver mutations and the development of immune checkpoint inhibitors resulted in improved clinical outcomes for most patients. Although activating KRAS mutations are the most common recurring molecular events in lung adenocarcinoma, little progress has been made during the past decades with no new agents being approved for this indication. The elucidation of the underlying biology of this diverse patient subgroup offers great potential and renewed hope regarding the rational development, rigorous evaluation and subsequent approval of novel targeted agents and combinations which will effectively suppress compensatory escape routes and the emergence of resistance, issues that have plagued previous attempts. Here, we review in a structured manner all aspects of KRAS positive non small cell lung cancer, including the molecular biology, clinicopathologic characteristics, the prognostic and predictive value of KRAS mutations, as well as previous and contemporary approaches towards the treatment of this elusive target. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fourteen novel miniature inverted-repeat transposable element (MITE) families are found in the Florida carpenter ant genome, Camponotus floridanus. They constitute approximately 0.63 % of the entire genome. Analysis of their insertion time showed that most members of these MITEs were inserted into their host genome in less than 8 million years ago. In addition, the association between MITEs and the noncoding regions of genes in C. floridanus is random. Interestingly, an autonomous partner (named CfTEC) responsible for the amplification of these MITEs was also found in C. floridanus. Meanwhile, we present evidence, based on searches of publicly available databases, that this autonomous element was widespread in animals. Moreover, structure and phylogenetic analyses supported that TECs might represent a novel cade of transposons intermediate between the classic CACTA transposon and TRCs. Finally, their transposition mechanism and impact on host genome evolution were also discussed.
Correct identification of medicinal plant ingredients is essential for their safe use and for the regulation of herbal drug supply chain. Loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) is a recently developed approach to identify herbal medicine species. This novel molecular biology technique enables timely and accurate testing, especially in settings where infrastructures to support polymerase chain reaction facilities are lacking. Studies that used this method have altered our view on the extent and complexity of herbal medicine identification. In this review, we give an introduction into LAMP analysis, covers the basic principles and important aspects in the development of LAMP analysis method. Then we presented a critical review of the application of LAMP-based methods in detecting and identifying raw medicinal plant materials and their processed products. We also provide a practical standard operating procedure (SOP) for the utilization of the LAMP protocol in herbal authentication, and consider the prospects of LAMP technology in the future developments of herbal medicine identification and the challenges associated with its application.
Background: Babesiosis is a socioeconomically important tick- borne disease of animals (including humans) caused by haemoprotozoan parasites. The severity of babesiosis relates to host and parasite factors, particularly virulence/pathogenicity. Although Babesia bovis is a particularly pathogenic species of cattle, there are species of Babesia of ruminants that have limited pathogenicity. For instance, the operational taxonomic unit Babesia sp. Xinjiang (abbreviated here as Bx) of sheep from China is substantially less virulent/pathogenic than B. bovis is in cattle. Although the reason for this distinctiveness is presently unknown, it is possible that Bx has a reduced ability to adhere to cells or evade/suppress immune responses, which might relate to particular proteins, such as the variant erythrocyte surface antigens (VESAs). Results: We sequenced and annotated the 8.4 Mb nuclear draft genome of Bx and compared it with those of B. bovis and B. bigemina by synteny analysis; we also investigated the genetic relationship of Bx with selected Babesia species and related apicomplexans for which genomic datasets are available, and explored the VESA complement in Bx. Conclusions: The availability of the Bx genome now provides unique opportunities to elucidate aspects of the molecular biology, biochemistry and physiology of Bx, and to explore the reason(s) for its limited virulence and/or apparent ability to evade immune attack by the host animal. Moreover, the present genomic resource and an in vitro culture system for Bx raises the prospect of establishing a functional genomic platform to explore essential genes as new intervention targets against babesiosis.
Live-cell imaging is used to simultaneously capture time-lapse images of angiotensin type 1a receptors (AT1aR) and intracellular compartments in transfected human embryonic kidney-293 (HEK) cells following stimulation with angiotensin II ( Ang II). HEK cells are transiently transfected with plasmid DNA containing AT(1a)R tagged with enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP). Lysosomes are identified with a red fluorescent dye. Live-cell images are captured on a laser scanning confocal microscope after Ang II stimulation and analyzed by software in three dimensions (3D, voxels) over time. Live-cell imaging enables investigations into receptor trafficking and avoids confounds associated with fixation, and in particular, the loss or artefactual displacement of EGFP-tagged membrane receptors. Thus, as individual cells are tracked through time, the subcellular localization of receptors can be imaged and measured. Images must be acquired sufficiently rapidly to capture rapid vesicle movement. Yet, at faster imaging speeds, the number of photons collected is reduced. Compromises must also be made in the selection of imaging parameters like voxel size in order to gain imaging speed. Significant applications of live-cell imaging are to study protein trafficking, migration, proliferation, cell cycle, apoptosis, autophagy and protein-protein interaction and dynamics, to name but a few.
In recent years, major advances in our understanding of the molecular biology of lung cancer, together with significant improvements in radiotherapy technologies, have revolutionized the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This has led to the development of new therapies that target molecular mutations specific to each tumor type, acting on the cell surface antigens or intracellular signaling pathways, or directly affecting cell survival. At the same time, ablative dose radiotherapy can be delivered safely in the context of metastatic disease. In this article, the GOECP/SEOR (Oncological Group for Study of Lung Cancer/Spanish Society of Radiation Oncology) reviews the role of new targeted therapies used in combination with radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced (stage III) NSCLC and in patients with advanced, metastatic (stage IV) NSCLC.
Exogenous short biologically active peptides epitalon (Ala-Glu-Asp-Gly), bronchogen (Ala-Glu-Asp-Leu), and vilon (Lys-Glu) at concentrations 10(-7)-10(-9) M significantly influence growth, development, and differentiation of tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum) callus cultures. Epitalon and bronchogen, in particular, both increase growth of calluses and stimulate formation and growth of leaves in plant regenerants. Because the regulatory activity of the short peptides appears at low peptide concentrations, their action to some extent is like that of the activity of phytohormones, and it seems to have signaling character and epigenetic nature. The investigated peptides modulate in tobacco cells the expression of genes including genes responsible for tissue formation and cell differentiation. These peptides differently modulate expression of CLE family genes coding for known endogenous regulatory peptides, the KNOX1 genes (transcription factor genes) and GRF (growth regulatory factor) genes coding for respective DNA-binding proteins such as topoisomerases, nucleases, and others. Thus, at the level of transcription, plants have a system of short peptide regulation of formation of long-known peptide regulators of growth and development. The peptides studied here may be related to a new generation of plant growth regulators. They can be used in the experimental botany, plant molecular biology, biotechnology, and practical agronomy.
Avian paramyxoviruses (APMVs) have been reported from a wide variety of avian species around the world. Avian paramyxoviruses are economically significant because of the huge mortality and morbidity associated with it. Twelve different serotypes of APMV have been reported till date. Avian paramyxoviruses belong to the family Paramyxoviridae under genus Avulavirus. Newcastle disease virus (APMV-1) is the most characterized members among the APMV serotypes. Complete genome sequence of all twelve APMV serotypes has been published recently. In recent years, APMV-1 has attracted the virologists for its oncolytic activity and its use as a vaccine vector for both animals and humans. The recombinant APMV-based vaccine offers a pertinent choice for the construction of live attenuated vaccine due to its minimum recombination frequency, modular nature of transcription and lack of DNA phase during its replication. Although insufficient data are available regarding other APMV serotypes, our understanding about the APMV biology is expanding rapidly because of the availability of modern molecular biology tools and high-throughput complete genome sequencing.
Background: Carbohydrates, also called glycans, play a crucial but not fully understood role in plant health and development. The non-template driven formation of glycans makes it impossible to image them in vivo with genetically encoded fluorescent tags and related molecular biology approaches. A solution to this problem is the use of tailor-made glycan analogs that are metabolically incorporated by the plant into its glycans. These metabolically incorporated probes can be visualized, but techniques documented so far use toxic copper-catalyzed labeling. To further expand our knowledge of plant glycobiology by direct imaging of its glycans via this method, there is need for novel click-compatible glycan analogs for plants that can be bioorthogonally labelled via copper-free techniques. Results: Arabidopsis seedlings were incubated with azido-containing monosaccharide analogs of N-acetylglucosamine, N-acetylgalactosamine, L-fucose, and L-arabinofuranose. These azido-monosaccharides were metabolically incorporated in plant cell wall glycans of Arabidopsis seedlings. Control experiments indicated active metabolic incorporation of the azido-monosaccharide analogs into glycans rather than through non-specific absorption of the glycan analogs onto the plant cell wall. Successful copper-free labeling reactions were performed, namely an inverse-electron demand Diels-Alder cycloaddition reaction using an incorporated N-acetylglucosamine analog, and a strain-promoted azide-alkyne click reaction. All evaluated azido-monosaccharide analogs were observed to be non-toxic at the used concentrations under normal growth conditions. Conclusions: Our results for the metabolic incorporation and fluorescent labeling of these azido-monosaccharide analogs expand the possibilities for studying plant glycans by direct imaging. Overall we successfully evaluated five azido-monosaccharide analogs for their ability to be metabolically incorporated in Arabidopsis roots and their imaging after fluorescent labeling. This expands the molecular toolbox for direct glycan imaging in plants, from three to eight glycan analogs, which enables more extensive future studies of spatiotemporal glycan dynamics in a wide variety of plant tissues and species. We also show, for the first time in metabolic labeling and imaging of plant glycans, the potential of two copper-free click chemistry methods that are bio-orthogonal and lead to more uniform labeling. These improved labeling methods can be generalized and extended to already existing and future click chemistry-enabled monosaccharide analogs in Arabidopsis.
The alignment of many short sequences of DNA, called reads, to a long reference genome is a common task in molecular biology. When the problem is expanded to handle typical workloads of billions of reads, execution time becomes critical. In this paper we present a novel reconfigurable architecture for minimal perfect sequencing (RAMPS). While existing solutions attempt to align a high percentage of the reads using a small memory footprint, RAMPS focuses on performing fast exact matching. Using the human genome as a reference, RAMPS aligns short reads hundreds of thousands of times faster than current software implementations such as SOAP2 or Bowtie, and about a thousand times faster than GPU implementations such as SOAP3. Whereas other aligners require hours to preprocess reference genomes, RAMPS can preprocess the reference human genome in a few minutes, opening the possibility of using new reference sources that are more genetically similar to the newly sequenced data.
The Xenopus oocyte as a heterologous expression system for proteins, was first described by Gurdon et al.(1) and has been widely used since its discovery (References 2 - 3, and references therein). A characteristic that makes the oocyte attractive for foreign channel expression is the poor abundance of endogenous ion channels(4). This expression system has proven useful for the characterization of many proteins, among them ligand-gated ion channels. The expression of GABA(A) receptors in Xenopus oocytes and their functional characterization is described here, including the isolation of oocytes, microinjections with cRNA, the removal of follicular cell layers, and fast solution changes in electrophysiological experiments. The procedures were optimized in this laboratory(5),(6) and deviate from the ones routinely used(7-9). Traditionally, denuded oocytes are prepared with a prolonged collagenase treatment of ovary lobes at RT, and these denuded oocytes are microinjected with mRNA. Using the optimized methods, diverse membrane proteins have been expressed and studied with this system, such as recombinant GABAA receptors(10-12), human recombinant chloride channels(13), Trypanosome potassium channels(14), and a myo-inositol transporter(15),(16). The methods detailed here may be applied to the expression of any protein of choice in Xenopus oocytes, and the rapid solution change can be used to study other ligand-gated ion channels.
The polymerase chain reaction (PCR) is considered an excellent technique and is widely used in both molecular biology research and various clinical applications. However, the presence of byproducts and low output are limitations generally associated with this technique. Recently, the use of nanoparticles (NPs) has been shown to be very effective at enhancing PCR. Although mechanisms underlying this process have been suggested, most of them are mainly based on PCR results under certain situations without abundant systematic experimental strategy. In order to overcome these challenges, we synthesized a series of polyethylene glycol (PEG)-modified polyethylenimine (PEI)-entrapped gold nanoparticles (PEG-Au PENPs), each having different gold contents. The role of the synthesized NPs in improving the PCR technique was then systematically evaluated using the error-prone two-round PCR and GC-rich PCR (74% GC content). Our results suggest a possible mechanism of PCR enhancement. In the error-prone two-round PCR system, the improvement of the specificity and efficiency of the technique using the PEG-Au PENPs mainly depends on surface-charge-mediated electrostatic interactions. In the GC-rich PCR system, thermal conduction may be the dominant factor. These important findings offer a breakthrough in understanding the mechanisms involved in improving PCR amplification, as well as in the application of nanomaterials in different fields, particularly in biology and medicine.
Bacteriophages represent a simple viral model of basic research with many possibilities for practical application. Due to their ability to infect and kill bacteria, their potential in the treatment of bacterial infection has been examined since their discovery. With advances in molecular biology and gene engineering, the phage application spectrum has been expanded to various medical and biotechnological fields. The construction of bacteriophages with an extended host range or longer viability in the mammalian bloodstream enhances their potential as an alternative to conventional antibiotic treatment. Insertion of active depolymerase genes to their genomes can enforce the biofilm disposal. They can also be engineered to transfer various compounds to the eukaryotic organisms and the bacterial culture, applicable for the vaccine, drug or gene delivery. Phage recombinant lytic enzymes can be applied as enzybiotics in medicine as well as in biotechnology for pathogen detection or programmed cell death in bacterial expression strains. Besides, modified bacteriophages with high specificity can be applied as bioprobes in detection tools to estimate the presence of pathogens in food industry, or utilized in the control of food-borne pathogens as part of the constructed phage-based biosorbents.
Forster resonance energy transfer (FRET)-based studies have become increasingly common in the investigation of GPCR signaling. Our research group developed an intra-molecular FRET sensor to detect the interaction between Ga subunits and GPCRs in live cells following agonist stimulation. Here, we detail the protocol for detecting changes in FRET between the beta 2-adrenergic receptor and the Gas C-terminus peptide upon treatment with 100 mu M isoproterenol hydrochloride as previously characterized1. Our FRET sensor is a single polypeptide consisting serially of a full-length GPCR, a FRET acceptor fluorophore (mCitrine), an ER/K SPASM (systematic protein affinity strength modulation) linker, a FRET donor fluorophore (mCerulean), and a Ga C-terminal peptide. This protocol will detail cell preparation, transfection conditions, equipment setup, assay execution, and data analysis. This experimental design detects small changes in FRET indicative of proteinprotein interactions, and can also be used to compare the strength of interaction across ligands and GPCR-G protein pairings. To enhance the signal-to-noise in our measurements, this protocol requires heightened precision in all steps, and is presented here to enable reproducible execution.
Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) is a group of environmentally-transmitted pathogens of great public health importance. This group is known to be harbored, amplified, and selected for more human virulent characteristics by amoeba species in aquatic bioffirns. However, a quantitative microbial risk assessment (QMRA) has not been performed due to the lack of dose response models resulting from significant heterogeneity within even a single species or subspecies of MAC, as well as the range of human susceptibilities to mycobacterial disease. The primary human-relevant species and subspecies responsible for the majority of the human disease burden and present in drinking water, biofilms, and soil are M. avium subsp. hominissuis, M. intracellulare, and M. chimaera. A critical review of the published literature identified important health endpoints, exposure routes, and susceptible populations for MAC risk assessment. In addition, data sets for quantitative dose-response functions were extracted from published in vivo animal dosing experiments. As a result, seven new exponential dose response models for human-relevant species of MAC with endpoints of lung lesions, death, disseminated infection, liver infection, and lymph node lesions are proposed. Although current physical and biochemical tests used in clinical settings do not differentiate between M. avium and M. intracellulare, differentiating between environmental species and subspecies of the MAC can aid in the assessment of health risks and control of MAC sources. A framework is proposed for incorporating the proposed dose response models into susceptible population-and exposure route-specific QMRA models. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Distribution of Zika virus has spread throughout the world. WHO has announced that Zika virus disease is a global health problem. As a tropical country, Indonesia has the potential to spread Zika virus. This letter is to report that there was a single case of zika in Jambi province published by the Eijkman Institute for Molecular Biology. This case was analyzed with the temperature in the scene, which is considered as an appropriate factor to development of Zika virus.
We present a case of sarcoma occurring at a site of resected oligodendroglioma without preceding radiotherapy or chemotherapy. Oligosarcoma occurring at sites of resected oligodendroglioma or anaplastic oligodendroglioma with sarcomatous components are rare. Although meningioma or sarcoma-like lesions are sometimes reported after glioma-targeted radiotherapy, those without preceding radiotherapy are quite rare. Moreover, cases of sarcoma without oligodendroglial components occurring at a site of resected oligodendroglioma have never been reported. In this case, fluorescent in situ hybridization analysis revealed 1p/19q co-deletion in both the first tumor and second tumors. Additionally, immunohistochemistry revealed mutated isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 in both tumors. Taken together, these findings suggest a monoclonal tumor origin. Consequently, this case may indicate a new mechanism of development of sarcomatous lesions occurring at the site of a resected glioma.
Calcium carbonate skeletal tissues in metazoans comprise a small quantity of occluded organic macromolecules, mostly proteins and polysaccharides that constitute the skeletal matrix. Because its functions in modulating the biomineralization process are well known, the skeletal matrix has been extensively studied, successively via classical biochemical approaches, via molecular biology and, in recent years, via transcriptomics and proteomics. The optimistic view that the deposition of calcium carbonate minerals requires a limited number of macromolecules has been challenged, in the last decade, by high throughput approaches. Such approaches have made possible the rapid identification of large sets of mineral-associated proteins, i.e., 'skeletal repertoires' or 'skeletomes', in several calcifying animal models, ranging from sponges to echinoderms. One of the consequences of this expanding set of data is that a simple definition of the skeletal matrix is no longer possible. This increase in available data, however, makes it easier to compare skeletal repertoires, shedding light on the fundamental evolutionary mechanisms affecting matrix components. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Olive flounder (Paralichthys olivaceus) is an economically important cultured marine fish in China, Korea, and Japan. Controlling and managing the breeding of olive flounder in captivity is an imperative step toward obtaining a sustainable supply of this fish in aquaculture production systems. Therefore, investigation on the molecular regulatory mechanism of gonadal development and gametogenesis in this species is of great significance in aquaculture. Furthermore, identification of the expression profile of numerous sex-related genes is the first step to primarily understand such molecular regulatory mechanism. Six female and six male gonads obtained from 2-year-old olive flounders were sequenced using Illumina, which produced 6.68 and 6.24 GB data for ovary and testis, respectively. The reads were mapped to the draft genome of olive flounder, and then the reads per kilobase per million (FPKM) for each gene were calculated. The female-/male-biased expressed genes were investigated based on the FPKM values. Overall, 3086 female-biased and 5048 male-biased genes were screened out. GO enrichment analysis showed that the GO terms "male meiosis," "gamete generation," "fertilization," "spermatogenesis," and "germ plasma" were enriched in male-biased genes. In addition, the GO terms "cell morphogenesis involved in differentiation," "embryonic morphogenesis," "plasma membrane," "steroid hormone receptor activity," and "aromatase activity" were enriched in female-biased genes. Moreover, 373,369 single nucleotide polymorphisms and 32,993 indels were identified in the transcriptome. This work is the largest collection of gonad transcriptome data for olive flounder and provides an extensive resource for future gonadal development and gametogenesis molecular biology studies in this species.
Brown adipose tissue (BAT) is specialized in heat production, but its metabolism in ob/ob mice is still a matter of debate. We aimed to verify ob/ob mice BAT using C57B1/6 male mice (as the wild-type, WT) and leptin-deficient ob/ob mice (on the C57BI/6 background strain), at three months of age (n = 10/group). At euthanasia, animals had their interscapular BATweighed, and prepared for analysis (Western blot, and RTqPCR). In comparison with the WT group, the ob/ob group showed reduced thermogenic signaling markers (gene expression of beta 3-adrenergic receptor, beta3-AR; PPARgamma coactivator 1 alpha, PGC1alpha, and uncoupling protein 1, UCP1). The ob/ob group also showed impaired gene expression for lipid utilization (perilipin was increased, while other markers were diminished: carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1b, CPT-lb; cluster of differentiation 36, CD36; fatty acid binding protein 4, FABP4; fatty acid synthase, FAS, and sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1c, SREBP1c), and altered protein expression of insulin signaling (diminished pAKT, TC10, and GLUT-4). Lastly, the ob/ob group showed increased gene expression of markers of inflammation (interleukin 1 beta, IL-1beta; IL-6, tumor necrosis factor alpha, TNFalpha; and monocyte chemotactic protein-1, MCP-1). In conclusion, the ob/ob mice have decreased thermogenic markers associated with reduced gene expression related to fatty acid synthesis, mobilization, and oxidation. There were also alterations in insulin signaling and protein and gene expressions of inflammation. The findings suggest that the lack of substrate for thermogenesis and the local inflammation negatively regulated thermogenic signaling in the ob/ob mice. (C) 2016 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
A complicated, almost conflicting situation exists in contemporary biology, i.e., there are two scientific concepts in existence that solve some phylogenetic problems in a different way. These concepts are evolutionary morphology and molecular biology. Modern biology urgently needs these contradictions to be examined and removed.
The Pharmacogenomics and Personalized Medicine group belongs to the Laboratory of Molecular Biology and Immunology, Department of Pharmacy and is active since 2009 mainly in the field of pharmacogenomics and personalized medicine. Herein, we describe the research interests, collaborations and accomplishments of the Pharmacogenomics and Personalized Medicine group together with the teaching activities of the group that greatly enhance the pharmacogenomics knowledge of graduate/postgraduate students and healthcare professionals.
The natural variation of environmental factors in freshwater basins determines their biodiversity. Among them, calcium is a key physiological compound for freshwater invertebrates. It is required for shell formation, muscle contraction, it mediates gene expression and allows counteracting acidosis during stress periods, among other functions. Although the distribution of different freshwater species has been suggested to be linked with the environmental calcium concentration, as yet no research studies have confirmed this. Identifying whether environmental calcium concentrations might determine the invasion success of alien species would be critical in developing and implementing effective management strategies to control them. Here, a multidisciplinary approach integrating field surveys, analytical chemistry techniques, molecular biology analyses and a lab-scale experiment was taken to decipher whether the environmental calcium Concentration might hamper the establishment of Corbicula fluminea in northwestern Iberian rivers. A Principal Component Analysis on water chemistry variables from 13 water bodies identified environmental calcium concentration, among others, as one key factor that best characterized the distribution area of C. fluminea. The calcium content in animals' bodies from two representative rivers was dependent on the environmental calcium concentration of freshwater basins; the lower the concentration, the lower the body's content. The expression of stress- and calcium homeostasis-related genes was higher in C fluminea from low calcium concentration environments than in those from calcium-rich freshwater basins. Finally, under experimental conditions, lower water calcium concentrations decreased C fluminea growth rates. The present data suggest, for the first time, that environmental calcium concentration may act as a determinant factor on the invasion success of C. fluminea in freshwater environments. Our results provide new clues for the identification of basins with increased risk of potential invasion by C fluminea based on environmental calcium levels. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Nitric Oxide (NO center dot) is a small radical, which mediates multiple important cellular functions in mammals, bacteria and plants. Despite the existence of a large number of methods for detecting NO center dot in vivo and in vitro, the real-time monitoring of NO center dot at the single-cell level is very challenging. The physiological or pathological effects of NO center dot are determined by the actual concentration and dwell time of this radical. Accordingly, methods that allow the single-cell detection of NO center dot are highly desirable. Recently, we expanded the pallet of NO center dot indicators by introducing single fluorescent protein-based genetically encoded nitric oxide (NO center dot) probes (geNOps) that directly respond to cellular NO center dot fluctuations and, hence, addresses this need. Here we demonstrate the usage of geNOps to assess intracellular NO center dot signals in response to two different chemical NO center dot liberating molecules. Our results also confirm that freshly prepared 3-(2-hydroxy-1-methyl-2-nitrosohydrazino)-N-methyl-1-propanamine (NOC-7) has a much higher potential to evoke change in intracellular NO center dot levels as compared with the inorganic NO center dot donor sodium nitroprusside (SNP). Furthermore, dual-color live-cell imaging using the green geNOps (G-geNOp) and the chemical Ca2+ indicator fura-2 was performed to visualize the tight regulation of Ca2+ -dependent NO center dot formation in single endothelial cells. These representative experiments demonstrate that geNOps are suitable tools to investigate the real-time generation and degradation of single-cell NO center dot signals in diverse experimental setups.
Research on fungal pathogens with the aim to identify virulence determinants strictly relies on the generation of defined, recombinant strains, a task that is executed by means of a sophisticated molecular biology toolbox. Recent developments in fungal genome engineering have opened a new frontier by implementing the CRISPR-Cas9 technology, based on expression of the Cas9 endonuclease that is loaded by a single guiding RNA (sgRNA) molecule to target a defined site in the recipient genome. This novel approach has been adapted successfully to engineer fungal genomes, among them the one of the human-pathogenic mould Aspergillus fumigatus. Implementation of the required components was achieved by various means that differ with respect to expression of the Cas9 enzyme and sgRNA delivery. Validation of CRISPR-Cas9-mediated mutagenesis could be executed by targeting selected candidate genes of A. fumigatus to provide a promising perspective for screening and multiplexing approaches to scrutinize the virulome of this opportunistic fungal pathogen in a comprehensive manner, such as by analyzing genetic polymorphisms or the function of gene families.
In biological systems, the formation of molecular complexes is the currency for all cellular processes. Traditionally, functional experimentation was targeted to single molecular players in order to understand its effects in a cell or animal phenotype. In the last few years, we have been experiencing rapid progress in the development of ground-breaking molecular biology tools that affect the metabolic, structural, morphological, and (epi) genetic instructions of cells by chemical, optical (optogenetic) and mechanical inputs. Such precise dissection of cellular processes is not only essential for a better understanding of biological systems, but will also allow us to better diagnose and fix common dysfunctions. Here, we present several of these emerging and innovative techniques by providing the reader with elegant examples on how these tools have been implemented in cells, and, in some cases, organisms, to unravel molecular processes in minute detail. We also discuss their advantages and disadvantages with particular focus on their translation to multicellular organisms for in vivo spatiotemporal regulation. We envision that further developments of these tools will not only help solve the processes of life, but will give rise to novel clinical and industrial applications.
Transcription-export complex 2 (TREX-2 complex) facilitates the localization of actively transcribing genes to the nuclear periphery and also functions to contribute to the generation of export-competent mRNPs through interactions with the general mRNA nuclear export factor Mex67:Mtr2. The TREX-2 complex is based on a Sac3 scaffold to which Thp1, Sem1, Cdc31, and Sus1 bind. TREX-2 can be subdivided into two modules: one, in which Thp1 and Semi bind to the Sac3(M) region (residues similar to 100-551), and the other in which Cdc31 and two Sus1 chains bind to the Sac3(CID) region (residues similar to 710-805). Complementary structural analyses using X-ray crystallography, electron microscopy, and small-angle X-ray scattering of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae TREX-2 complex, expressed using Baculovirus-infected Sf9 cells, have indicated that the TPR-like repeats of the Sac3(M) region extend considerably further towards the N-terminus than previously thought, and also indicate that this region and Sac3(CID):Sus1: Cdc31 region of the S. cerevisiae complex are structurally independent. Although the density visible accounted for only similar to 100 kDa, a 5.3 angstrom resolution cryo-EM reconstruction was obtained of the M-region of TREX-2 that showed an additional three putative a-helices extending towards the Sac3 N-terminus and these helices were also seen in a 4.9 angstrom resolution structure obtained by X-ray crystallography. Summary statement: We describe the expression, purification and structural characterization of the S. cerevisiae TREX-2 complex and demonstrate that the Sac3 TPR-like repeats are more extensive than previously thought and that the M- and CID-regions do not appear to have a defined spatial orientation. (C) 2016 MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology. Published by Elsevier Inc.
NS3 protease plays a vital role in the replication of the hepatitis C virus (HCV). BMS-605339 is a novel linear tetra-peptide alpha-ketoamide inhibitor of NS3 protease and shows specificity for HCV NS3 protease genotype 1a and genotype 1b. Mutation at the key site 168 of the HCV NS3 protease can induce resistance to BMS-605339, which greatly affects the antiviral therapy efficacy to hepatitis C. In the present study, we employed molecular dynamics simulations, free energy calculations, and free energy decomposition to explore the drug resistance mechanism of BMS-605339 due to the three representative mutations D168C/Y/V. The free energy decomposition analysis indicates that the decrease in the binding affinity is mainly attributed to the decrease in both van der Waals and electrostatic interactions. After detailed analysis of our calculated results, we observed that the break of the salt bridge between residues 155 and 168 caused by the mutations D168C/Y/V is the original reason for the decrease in the binding ability between BMS-605339 and the mutant NS3 proteases. The obtained results will reveal the drug resistance mechanism between BMS-605339 and the mutant NS3 proteases, and provide valuable clue for designing novel and more potent drugs to HCV NS3 protease. (C) 2016 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Background: Peptide and protein toxins are essential tools to dissect and probe the biology of their target receptors. Venoms target vital physiological processes to evoke pain. Snake venoms contain various factors with the ability to evoke, enhance and sustain pain sensation. While a number of venom-derived toxins were shown to directly target TRPV1 channels expressed on somatosensory nerve terminals to evoke pain response, such toxins were yet to be identified in snake venoms. Methods: We screened Echis coloratus saw-scaled viper venom's protein fractions isolated by reversed phase HPLC for their ability to activate TRPV1 channels. To this end, we employed heterologous systems to analyze TRPV1 and NGF pathways by imaging and electrophysiology, combined with molecular biology, biochemical, and pharmacological tools. Results: We identified TRPV1 activating proteins in the venom of Echis coloratus that produce a channel-dependent increase in intracellular calcium and outwardly rectifying currents in neurons and heterologous systems. Interestingly, channel activation was not mediated by any of its known toxin binding sites. Moreover, although NGF neurotropic activity was detected in this venom, TRPV1 activation was independent of NGF receptors. Conclusions: Echis coloratus venom contains proteins with the ability to directly activate TRPV1. This activity is independent of the NGF pathway and is not mediated by known TRPV1 toxins' binding sites. General significance: Our results could facilitate the discovery of new toxins targeting TRPV1 to enhance current understanding of this receptor activation mechanism. Furthermore, the findings of this study provide insight into the mechanism through which snakes' venom elicit pain. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Visualization of chemical concepts can be challenging for many students. This is arguably a critical skill for beginning students of biochemistry to develop, since new information is often presented visually in the form of textbook figures. It is recommended that visual literacy be explicitly taught in the classroom rather than assuming that students will develop this skill on their own. The activity described here is designed to assist students in their development of understanding of basic representations of protein three-dimensional structure as well as various types of ligands (small molecules, ions) through the use of the iPad application PyMOL. It has been used as a laboratory exercise but can also be used in a typical 50-minute class period with a portion of the activity assigned as homework. (C) 2016 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
The present report describes a 13 month pilot remediation study that consists of a combination of Cr(VI) (4.4 to 57 mg/l) geofixation and dechlorination of chlorinated ethenes (400 to 6526 mu g/l), achieved by the sequential use of nanoscale zerovalent iron (nZVI) particles and in situ biotic reduction supported by whey injection. The remediation process was monitored using numerous techniques, including physical-chemical analyses and molecular biology approaches which enabled both the characterization of the mechanisms involved in pollutant transformation and the description of the overall background processes of the treatment. The results revealed that nZVI was efficient toward Cr(VI) by itself and completely removed it from the groundwater (LOQ 0.05 mg/l) and the subsequent application of whey resulted in a high removal of chlorinated ethenes (97 to 99%). The persistence of the reducing conditions, even after the depletion of the organic substrates, indicated a complementarity between nZVI and the whey phases in the combined technology as the subsequent application of whey phase partially assisted the microbial regeneration of the spent nZVI by promoting its reduction into Fe(II), which further supported remediation conditions at the site. Illumina sequencing and the detection of functional vcrA and bvcA genes documented a development in the reducing microbes (iron-reducing, sulfate-reducing and chlororespiring bacteria) that benefited under the conditions of the site and that was probably responsible for the high dechlorination and/or Cr(VI) reduction. The results of this study demonstrate the feasibility and high efficiency of the combined nano-biotechnological approach of nZVI and whey application in-situ for the removal of Cr(VI) and chlorinated ethenes from the groundwater of the contaminated site. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The opportunity to engage in scientific research is an important, but often neglected, component of undergraduate training in biology. We describe the curriculum for an innovative, course-based undergraduate research experience (CURE) appropriate for a large, introductory cell and molecular biology laboratory class that leverages students ' high level of interest in cancer. The course is highly collaborative and emphasizes the analysis and interpretation of original scientific data. During the course, students work in teams to characterize a collection of mutations in the human p53 tumor suppressor gene via expression and analysis in yeast. Initially, student pairs use both qualitative and quantitative assays to assess the ability of their p53 mutant to activate expression of reporter genes, and they localize their mutation within the p53 structure. Through facilitated discussion, students suggest possible molecular explanations for the transactivation defects displayed by their p53 mutants and propose experiments to test these hypotheses that they execute during the second part of the course. They use a western blot to determine whether mutant p53 levels are reduced, a DNA-binding assay to test whether recognition of any of three p53 target sequences is compromised, and fluorescence microscopy to assay nuclear localization. Students studying the same p53 mutant periodically convene to discuss and interpret their combined data. The course culminates in a poster session during which students present their findings to peers, instructors, and the greater biosciences community. Based on our experience, we provide recommendations for the development of similar large introductory lab courses. (C) 2016 The Authors Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 45(2): 161-178, 2017.
Introduction: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma cancer (PDAC) is the fourth leading cause of cancer death worldwide. Recently, two chemotherapy regimens have proven to improve median overall survival in comparison with gemcitabine. Based on better understanding of tumor molecular biology and of the role of tumor microenvironment, monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) could be an interesting and new type of targeted treatment of PDAC. Areas covered: Preclinical and clinical trials have evaluated the efficacy of several mAbs in pancreatic cancer treatment. This review will underline the most important targeted pathways by mAbs involved in this disease, including EGFR, HER-2, IGF-1 R, VEGF/VEGFR, NOTCH, WNT and immune checkpoints. Expert opinion: Despite the promising results of preclinical and phase I trials, the addition of mAbs to standard chemotherapy or in association with other target agents seems not to confirm these results in the following phase II and III trials in pancreatic cancer patients. However, an improved patient selection before treatment based on molecular characteristics in association with reliable predictive biomarkers can identified more efficacious treatment approaches, minimizing toxicity profile of these drugs.
Cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) is the second most common primary malignancy. Although it is more common in Asia, its incidence in Europe and North America has significantly increased in recent decades. The prognosis of CCA is dismal. Surgery is the only potentially curative treatment, but the majority of patients present with advanced stage disease, and recurrence after resection is common. Over the last two decades, our understanding of the molecular biology of this malignancy has increased tremendously, diagnostic techniques have evolved, and novel therapeutic approaches have been established. This review discusses the changing epidemiologic trends and provides an overview of newly identified etiologic risk factors for CCA. Furthermore, the molecular pathogenesis is discussed as well as the influence of etiology and biliary location on the mutational landscape of CCA. This review provides an overview of the diagnostic evaluation of CCA and its staging systems. Finally, new therapeutic options are critically reviewed, and future therapeutic strategies discussed.
In this paper we present a mechanistic model that integrates subneuronal structures, namely ion channels, membrane fatty acids, lipid rafts, G proteins and the cytoskeleton in a dynamic system that is finely tuned in a healthy brain. We also argue that subtle changes in the composition of the membrane's fatty acids may lead to down-stream effects causing dysregulation of the membrane, cytoskeleton and their interface. Such exquisite sensitivity to minor changes is known to occur in physical systems undergoing phase transitions, the simplest and most studied of them is the so-called Ising model, which exhibits a phase transition at a finite temperature between an ordered and disordered state in 2- or 3-dimensional space. We propose this model in the context of neuronal dynamics and further hypothesize that it may involve quantum degrees of freedom dependent upon variation in membrane domains associated with ion channels or microtubules. Finally, we provide a link between these physical characteristics of the dynamical mechanism to psychiatric disorders such as major depression and antidepressant action.
Regulatory T cell (Treg) therapy using recipient-derived Tregs expanded exvivo is currently being investigated clinically by us and others as a means of reducing allograft rejection following organ transplantation. Data from animal models has demonstrated that adoptive transfer of allospecific Tregs offers greater protection from graft rejection compared to polyclonal Tregs. Chimeric antigen receptors (CAR) are clinically translatable synthetic fusion proteins that can redirect the specificity of T cells toward designated antigens. We used CAR technology to redirect human polyclonal Tregs toward donor-MHC class I molecules, which are ubiquitously expressed in allografts. Two novel HLA-A2-specific CARs were engineered: one comprising a CD28-CD3 signaling domain (CAR) and one lacking an intracellular signaling domain (CAR). CAR Tregs were specifically activated and significantly more suppressive than polyclonal or CAR Tregs in the presence of HLA-A2, without eliciting cytotoxic activity. Furthermore, CAR and CAR Tregs preferentially transmigrated across HLA-A2-expressing endothelial cell monolayers. In a human skin xenograft transplant model, adoptive transfer of CAR Tregs alleviated the alloimmune-mediated skin injury caused by transferring allogeneic peripheral blood mononuclear cells more effectively than polyclonal Tregs. Our results demonstrated that the use of CAR technology is a clinically applicable refinement of Treg therapy for organ transplantation.
This study questions the presumed relation between formal schooling and scientific literacy about biotechnologies. Comparing science and nonscience majors ' knowledge of and attitudes toward biotechnological applications, conclusions are drawn if their formal learnings improve pupils ' understandings of and attitudes toward biotechnology applications. Sample of the study consists of 403 undergraduate and graduate students, 198 nonscience, and 205 science majors. The Biotechnology Knowledge Questionnaire and the Biotechnology Attitude Questionnaire were administered. Descriptive statistics ( mean and percentages), t test, and correlations were used to examine the participants ' knowledge of biotechnology and attitudes toward biotechnological applications and differences as regards their majors. Although the science majors had higher knowledge and attitude scores than the nonscience majors, it is not possible to say that they have sufficient knowledge of biotechnologies. Besides, the participants ' attitudes toward biotechnological applications were not considerably related to their knowledge of biotechnology. (C) 2016 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 45( 2): 115- 125, 2017.
To observe the biological characteristic and the prognoses in patients with acute erythroleukemia (AEL). The results of 167 patients with newly diagnosed AEL, from January 2004 and June 2014 in the department of Hematology, Shandong Province Chinese Medicine Hospital, were reviewed by morphology, immunology, cytogenetics, molecular biology. Flow cytometry analysis indicated that CD13 (96.1 %), CD33 (95.1 %), CD117 (87.4 %) and CD34 (79.4 %) were highly expressed in AEL. 56 of 148 (37.8 %) AEL patients had a variety of cytogenetic abnormalities, 27 of 148 (18.2 %) patients were complex karyotype (abnormal involving 3 or more chromosomes), the abnormalities of chromosomes 3, 5, 7 and 8 were more frequently involved and the most common one was +8, accounting for 35.7 % of all abnormal karyotype, followed by 5q- (17.9 %). Mutation analysis showed CEBPA mutation ratio of AEL patients was 44.0 % (11/25), that of NPM1as 15.4 % (4/26). Initial induced remission rate of AEL was 56.6 % (30/53), compared by 33.3 % (4/12) of MDSM6. Survival analysis was shown that the overall survival in female was better than that in male (P = 0.047). The overall survival time of transplantation group was significantly longer than chemotherapy group (P = 0.000). The OS of 13-39 years old group was the best, 40-49 years old group took second place, >50 years old group appeared to be the worst. Patients with AML-M-6 had dysplasia in varying degrees in granulocyte, erythrocyte and megakaryocyte series. Periodic acid-Shiff reaction staining in polychromatic erythroblast and ortho-chromatic erythroblast had a specificity in the diagnosis of AEL. AEL had its own unique biological features, and allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation could significantly improve its poor prognosis.
The detection of biomarkers is of crucial importance in reducing the morbidity and mortality of complex diseases. Thus, there is a great desire to develop highly efficient and simple sensing methods to fulfill the different diagnostic and therapeutic purposes. Herein, using tumor suppressor p53 gene as model target DNA, we developed a novel palindromic fragment-incorporated molecular beacon (P-MB) that can perform multiple functions, including recognition element, signal reporter, polymerization template and primer. Upon specific hybridization with target DNA, P-MBs can interact with each other and are extended by polymerase without any additional probes. As a result, hybridized targets are peeled off from P-MBs and initiate the next round of reactions, leading to the unique strand displacement amplification (SDA). The newly-proposed enzymatic amplification displays the detection limit as low as 100 pM and excellent selectivity in distinguishing single-base mutation with the linear response range from 100 pM to 75 nM. This is the simplest SDA sensing system so far because of only involving one type of DNA probe. This impressive sensing paradigm is expected to provide new insight into developing new-type of DNA probes that hold tremendous potential with important applications in molecular biology research and clinical diagnosis.
Dr. Louis Dehner has contributed significantly to our understanding of testicular germ cell tumors in children. This review article considers the molecular biology, clinical attributes, pathologic findings, and prognosis of those lesions. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Background: Osteosarcoma is the most common malignancy of bone. Intratumoral hypoxia occurs in many solid tumors, where it is associated with the development of aggressive phenotype. ANRIL has been shown to be a long noncoding RNA that facilitates the progression of a number of malignancies. Yet, few studies have explored the expression pattern of ANRIL in osteosarcoma and the effect of hypoxia on ANRIL. Methods: We evaluated the expression levels of ANRIL in osteosarcoma tissues, adjacent normal tissues and cells with quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Multiple approaches including luciferase reporter assay with nucleotide substitutions, chromatin immunoprecipitation assay and electrophoretic mobility shift assay were used to confirm the direct binding of HIF-1 alpha to the ANRIL promoter region. SiRNA-based knockdown and other molecular biology techniques were employed to measure the effect of HIF-1 alpha on the expression of ANRIL. Results: We found that the expression of ANRIL was upregulated in 15 pairs of osteosarcoma compared with adjacent normal tissues. We found that hypoxia is sufficient to upregulate ANRIL expression in osteosarcoma cells (MNNG and U2OS). HIF-1 alpha directly binds to the putative hypoxia response element in the upstream region of ANRIL. What's more, siRNA and small molecular inhibitors-mediated HIF-1 alpha suppression attenuated ANRIL upregulation under hypoxic conditions. Upon hypoxia, ANRIL promoted cancer cell invasion and suppressed cell apoptosis. Conclusion: Taken together, these data suggest that HIF-1 alpha may contribute to the upregulation of ANRIL in osteosarcoma under hypoxic conditions. ANRIL is involved in hypoxia-induced aggressive phenotype in osteosarcoma.
1. The quail is a potentially important avian model for molecular studies; a major drawback is the inability to sex visually before 3 weeks of age. Molecular sexing is therefore an absolute requirement when animals are sampled before that age.2. A low-cost method using common laboratory equipment based on Allele-Specific Multiplex-Polymerase Chain Reaction was developed to undertake reliable molecular identification of the sex of Coturnix japonica directly at hatching.3. This simple method works with down feathers collected from behind the neck of the newly hatched quail and includes internal controls during the PCR to limit risks of error. Males and females can be discriminated on the basis of the presence of one or two amplicons, respectively.
The Dutch microbiologist/biochemist Albert Jan Kluyver (1888-1956) was an early proponent of the idea of biochemical unity, and how that concept might be demonstrated through the careful study of microbial life. The fundamental relatedness of living systems is an obvious correlate of the theory of evolution, and modern attempts to construct phylogenetic schemes support this relatedness through comparison of genomes. The approach of Kluyver and his scientific descendants predated the tools of modern molecular biology by decades. Kluyver himself is poorly recognized today, yet his influence at the time was profound. Through lens of today however, it has been argued that the focus by Kluyver and others to create taxonomic and phylogenetic schemes using morphology and biochemistry distorted and hindered progress of the discipline of microbiology, because of a perception that the older approaches focused too much on a reductionist worldview. This essay argues that in contrast the careful characterization of fundamental microbial metabolism and physiology by Kluyver made many of the advances of the latter part of the twentieth century possible, by offering a framework which in many respects anticipated our current view of phylogeny, and by directly and indirectly training a generation of scientists who became leaders in the explosive growth of biotechnology.
The aim of this study was to detect the IS900 region of Mycobacterium aoium subsp. paratuberculosis (MAP) in bovine milk samples using real-time polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) and conventional PCR, and to study the agreement between these tests. A total of 121 bovine milk samples were collected from herds considered positive for MAP, from the State of Pernambuco, Brazil. MAP DNA was detected in 20 samples (16.5%) using conventional PCR and in 34 samples (28.1%) using qPCR. MAP DNA was detected in all of the 6 animal farms studied. Moderate agreement was found between qPCR and conventional PCR results, where the sensitivity and specificity of conventional PCR in relation to qPCR were 50% and 96.6%, respectively. Thus, the IS900 region of MAP was found in bovine milk samples from the State of Pernambuco. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of MAP DNA found in bovine milk in Northeast Brazil. We also demonstrated the qPCR technique is more sensitive than conventional PCR with respect to detection of MAP in milk samples. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda.
Background: A combined supplement of vitamins B9 and B12 was reported to increase milk and milk component yields of dairy cows without effect on feed intake. The present study was undertaken to verify whether this supplementation positively modifies the pathways involved in milk and milk component synthesis. Thus, by studying the transcriptome activity in these tissues, the effect of supplements of both vitamins on the metabolism of both liver and mammary gland, was investigated. For this study, 24 multiparous Holstein dairy cows were assigned to 6 blocks of 4 animals each according to previous 305-day milk production. Within each block, cows were randomly assigned to weekly intramuscular injections of 5 mL of either saline 0.9 % NaCl, 320 mg of vitamin B9, 10 mg of vitamin B12 or a combination of both vitamins (B9 + B12). The experimental period began 3 weeks before the expected calving date and lasted 9 weeks of lactation. Liver and mammary biopsies were performed on lactating dairy cows 64 +/- 3 days after calving. Samples from both tissues were analyzed by microarray and qPCR to identify genes differentially expressed in hepatic and mammary tissues. Results: Microarray analysis identified 47 genes in hepatic tissue and 16 genes in the mammary gland whose expression was modified by the vitamin supplements. Gene ontology (GO) categorizes genes in non-overlapping domains of molecular biology. Panther is one of the online GO resources used for gene function classification. It classifies the 63 genes according to Molecular Function, Biological Process and Protein Class. Most of the biological processes modulated by the vitamin supplements were associated to developmental process, protein metabolic process, transport and response to inflammation. In the liver, most of the genes modulated by the vitamin treatments involved protein metabolic process while developmental process appeared to be more affected by the treatments in mammary gland. Out of 25 genes analysed by qPCR, 7 were validated. Conclusion: The results indicate that several metabolic processes were modulated by the supplementation of vitamins in early-lactating dairy cows. In addition, the results suggest that the vitamin supplements promoted liver regeneration and reduced catabolism of lipids in early lactation.
Meiosis is a key event of sexual life cycles in eukaryotes. Its mechanistic details have been uncovered in several model organisms, and most of its essential features have received various and often contradictory evolutionary interpretations. In this perspective, we present an overview of these often 'weird' features. We discuss the origin of meiosis (origin of ploidy reduction and recombination, two-step meiosis), its secondary modifications (in polyploids or asexuals, inverted meiosis), its importance in punctuating life cycles (meiotic arrests, epigenetic resetting, meiotic asymmetry, meiotic fairness) and features associated with recombination (disjunction constraints, heterochiasmy, crossover interference and hotspots). We present the various evolutionary scenarios and selective pressures that have been proposed to account for these features, and we highlight that their evolutionary significance often remains largely mysterious. Resolving these mysteries will likely provide decisive steps towards understanding why sex and recombination are found in the majority of eukaryotes. This article is part of the themed issue 'Weird sex: the underappreciated diversity of sexual reproduction'.
Background: Campylobacter species are widespread zoonotic pathogens. Campylobacter jejuni causes a form of gastroenteritis called campylobacteriosis. Campylobacter drug resistance is considered a serious threat. In order to better understand national and international research output on Campylobacter, we conducted this bibliometric overview of publications on Campylobacter. This study can be used to assess extent of interaction and response of researchers, food regulators, and health policy makers to global burden of campylobacateriosis. Methods: Scopus database was used to retrieve publications with the following keywords (Campylobacter/campylobacteriosis, C. jejuni, C. coli). The study period was set from 2000 to 2015. All types of journal documents, excluding errata, were considered. Bibliometric indicators such as annual growth of publications, country contribution, international collaboration, and citation analysis were presented. The quality of retrieved data was indirectly assessed by Hirsch index and impact factor of journals. Results: A total of 5522 documents were retrieved with median (Q1-Q3) citations of 9 (2-23) and h-index of 113. Annual number of publications showed a fluctuating increase. The core leading journals were Applied and Environmental Microbiology journal and Journal of Food Protection with 246 (4.46%) publications for each. The USA (1309; 23.6%) was the most productive country while Danmarks Tekniske Universitet (150; 2.7%) was the most productive institution. Half of the top ten productive countries were European. France had the lowest percentage (33.5%) of articles with international collaboration while Netherlands (57.7%) had the highest percentage of articles with international collaboration. Approximately half (50.1%) of retrieved articles were published in journals under the subject area of "immunology/microbiology". Main themes in highly cited articles were molecular biology/genetics and public health burden of campylobacteriosis. There were 728 (13.1%) articles on campylobacter-related drug resistance, and the top cited articles focused mainly on increasing resistance to quinolones and fluoroquinolones. Conclusions: There was a clear increase in number of publications on Campylobacter. Rational use of antimicrobials in humans, poultry, and animals is highly recommended. International collaboration is highly required particularly in implementing new diagnostic screening technologies to minimize global health burden of Campylobacter and ensure food safety.
Rapid and progressive advances in molecular biology techniques and the advent of Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) have opened new possibilities for analyses also in the identification of entomological matrixes. Insects and other arthropods are widespread in nature and those found at a crime scene can provide a useful contribution to forensic investigations. Entomological evidence is used by experts to define the postmortem interval (PMI), which is essentially based on morphological recognition of the insect and an estimation of its insect life cycle stage. However, molecular genotyping methods can also provide an important support for forensic entomological investigations when the identification of species or human genetic material is required. This case study concerns a collection of insects found in the house of a woman who died from unknown causes. Initially the insects were identified morphologically as belonging to the Pediculidae family, and then, human DNA was extracted and analyzed from their gastrointestinal tract. The application of the latest generation forensic DNA assays, such as the Quantifiler (R) Trio DNA Quantification Kit and the HID-Ion AmpliSeq (TM) Identity Panel (Applied Biosystems (R)), individuated the presence of human DNA in the samples and determined the genetic profile. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adenoviruses cause a variety of diseases that range from mild to fatal in vulnerable patients. Its evolution occurs as a process of selection pressure; for example, genetic recombination generates intermediate strains that can be more infectious or pathogenic than parental strains. This study sought to determine the diversity of circulating adenoviruses in Paraguayan children less than 5 years of age hospitalized with acute lower respiratory infection, by using molecular biology and bioinformatics tools, though amplification of penton, hexon and fiber genes in 26 samples of nasopharyngeal aspirates. It was demonstrated the circulation of three species: B (4/26), C (21/26), and D (1/26), as well as recombination events corresponding to the HAdV-D isolate, with at least three different genotypes (D49, D9 y D15). The HAdV-D are associated with gastrointestinal or ocular diseases, and less commonly with respiratory infections. Recently, however, it has been reported changes in behavior of these viruses due to recombination, allowing them to expand their host cell repertoire. These data extend the knowledge about the genetic diversity of HAdV in Paraguay and strongly support the importance of genomic analysis using bioinformatics tools in epidemiological surveillance of emerging recombinant strains of HAdV.
Introduction: Unlike other molecular biology studies, the analysis of ancient DNA (aDNA) requires special infrastructure and methodological conditions to guarantee the quality of the results. One of the main authenticity criteria is DNA quantification, where quantitative real-time PCR is often used given its sensitivity and specificity. Nevertheless, the implementation of these conditions and methodologies to fulfill authenticity criteria imply higher costs. Objective: To develop a simple and less costly method for mitochondrial DNA quantification suitable for highly degraded samples. Materials and methods: The proposed method is based on the use of mini-primers for the specific amplification of short fragments of mitochondrial DNA. The subsequent purification of these amplified fragments allows a standard curve to be constructed with concentrations in accordance to the state of degradation of the samples. Results: The proposed method successfully detected DNA from ancient samples including bone remains and mummified tissue. DNA inhibitory substances were also detected. Conclusion: The proposed method represents a simpler and cost-effective way to detect low amounts of aDNA, and a tool to differentiate DNA-free samples from samples with inhibitory substances.
The mouse isolated perfused kidney (MIPK) is a technique for keeping a mouse kidney under ex vivo conditions perfused and functional for 1 hr. This is a prerequisite for studying the physiology of the isolated organ and for many innovative applications that may be possible in the future, including perfusion decellularization for kidney bioengineering or the administration of anti-rejection or genome-editing drugs in high doses to prime the kidney for transplantation. During the time of the perfusion, the kidney can be manipulated, renal function can be assessed, and various pharmaceuticals administered. After the procedure, the kidney can be transplanted or processed for molecular biology, biochemical analysis, or microscopy. This paper describes the perfusate and the surgical technique needed for the ex vivo perfusion of mouse kidneys. Details of the perfusion apparatus are given and data are presented showing the viability of the kidney's preparation: renal blood flow, vascular resistance, and urine data as functional, transmission electron micrographs of different nephron segments as morphological readouts, and western blots of transport proteins of different nephron segments as molecular readout.
Eucalyptus spp. and hybrids remain among the mostly widely-planted species in the world, owed principally to its diverse genome, its site-adaptability, and relatively fast growth rates. Numerous pure species, and yet more hybrid clones have been globally deployed in plantations, as industry seeks to meet growing demands for wood and their products. As a result, various propagation approaches have been explored, from seeds to vegetative propagation by cuttings and trough in vitro method, with a view to remaining cost-effective, yet efficient, and sustainable. Vegetative propagation of eucalypts is preferred, as it conserves valuable germplasm and offers predictability in commercial foplantations. The range of eucalypt species and hybrids in commercial use, however, has resulted in an array of propagation protocols, as researchers seek to optimise growth conditions to enhance the quality and yields of rooted cuttings and in vitro propagules. The exogenous supply of plant growth regulators (PGRs) is central to the objectives of these protocols. The present review traces recent developments in Eucalyptus propagation, and presents a selection of published protocols for a variety of species, explants and PGR supply. With advancements in plant physiology, molecular biology and biochemistry, a clearer picture of the vegetative physiological growth requirements steadily develops, leading researchers to more accurately manipulate and improve Eucalyptus propagation. Furthermore, the recent completion of the E. grandis genome sequence will drive advancements in eucalypt genomics, metabolomics, and proteomics. Collectively, these developments will present future opportunities to accurately decipher, augment and significantly enhance sustainable growth, yields, valuable traits and germplasm conservation of the eucalypts.
High-temperature requirement A (HtrA; DegP) from Escherichia coli, an important element of the extracytoplasmic protein quality-control system, is a member of the evolutionarily conserved family of serine proteases. The characteristic feature of this protein is its allosteric mode of activation. The regulatory loops, L3, L2, L1 and LD, play a crucial role in the transmission of the allosteric signal. Yet, the role of LD has not been fully elucidated. Therefore, we undertook a study to explain the role of the individual LD residues in inducing and maintaining the proteolytic activity of HtrA. We investigated the influence of amino acid substitutions located within the LD loop on the kinetics of a model substrate cleavage as well as on the dynamics of the oligomeric structure of HtrA. We found that the mutations that were expected to disturb the loop's structure and/or interactions with the remaining regulatory loops severely diminished the proteolytic activity of HtrA. The opposite effect, that is, increased activity, was observed for G174S substitution, which was predicted to strengthen the interactions mediated by LD. HtrAG174S protein had an equilibrium shifted toward the active enzyme and formed preferentially high-order oligomeric forms.
An important issue for molecular biology is to establish whether transcript levels of a given gene can be used as proxies for the corresponding protein levels. Here, we have developed a targeted proteomics approach for a set of human non-secreted proteins based on parallel reaction monitoring to measure, at steady-state conditions, absolute protein copy numbers across human tissues and cell lines and compared these levels with the corresponding mRNA levels using transcriptomics. The study shows that the transcript and protein levels do not correlate well unless a gene-specific RNA-to-protein (RTP) conversion factor independent of the tissue type is introduced, thus significantly enhancing the predictability of protein copy numbers from RNA levels. The results show that the RTP ratio varies significantly with a few hundred copies per mRNA molecule for some genes to several hundred thousands of protein copies per mRNA molecule for others. In conclusion, our data suggest that transcriptome analysis can be used as a tool to predict the protein copy numbers per cell, thus forming an attractive link between the field of genomics and proteomics.
Soybean oil is an important carbon source in kitasamycin fermentation by Streptomyces kitasatoensis. In this study, three different surfactants, Tween 80, Tween 85, and sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS), were added in the fermentation medium to improve soybean oil utilization. Results indicated that all of these surfactants promote kitasamycin biosynthesis. When 0.5 g/L SDS was added at the beginning of fermentation, kitasamycin production increased by 55% and A(5) content improved by 12%, compared with the control treatment (i.e., no surfactant added). Oil consumption rate and lipase activity were also improved in the presence of SDS, producing more organic acids benefiting kitasamycin biosynthesis. High butyric acid concentration in the fermentation medium containing SDS repressed C-3 acetylation and promoted A(5) component accumulation. Additionally, utilization of oil components by S. kitasatoensis was altered. Specifically, linoleic acid was primarily used in the fermentation process with SDS, whereas oleic acid was primarily used in the fermentation process where no surfactant had been added. (C) 2015 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc. Volume 63, Number 6, Pages 895-900, 2016
Endomyocardial biopsy (EMB) has been established in parallel with the development of percutaneous catheter technology for the diagnosis of cardiac diseases. It was developed in the early 1960 s in Japan by Drs. Konno, Sakakibara and Sekiguchi of Tokyo Women's Medical University. EMB is a valuable and useful, but invasive, modality for making a definite diagnosis in diseases such as myocarditis and secondary cardiomyopathies, which are often difficult to diagnose by imaging modality alone. In the field of heart transplantation, the histology of EMB helps monitor rejection to allografts. In cases of chronic heart failure, fibrosis and degeneration of cardiomyocytes are very important findings of heart remodeling. Recently, molecular biology technology has been applied to EMB specimens to get more detailed information. However, we must also recognize that EMB is an invasive examination that should not be performed without skillful cardiac catheterization experience to avoid complications. In this review as a message from pathologists, we present key cardiac histopathology using EMB, in a way that allows one to imagine whole cardiac pathological conditions. We also describe the current role of EMB and its significance in order to encourage young cardiologists to perform EMB to see another world of pathology.
The reductionist approach of dissecting biological systems into their constituents has been successful in the first stage of the molecular biology to elucidate the chemical basis of several biological processes. This knowledge helped biologists to understand the complexity of the biological systems evidencing that most biological functions do not arise from individual molecules; thus, realizing that the emergent properties of the biological systems cannot be explained or be predicted by investigating individual molecules without taking into consideration their relations. Thanks to the improvement of the current -omics technologies and the increasing understanding of the molecular relationships, even more studies are evaluating the biological systems through approaches based on graph theory. Genomic and proteomic data are often combined with protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks whose structure is routinely analyzed by algorithms and tools to characterize hubs/bottlenecks and topological, functional, and disease modules. On the other hand, co-expression networks represent a complementary procedure that give the opportunity to evaluate at system level including organisms that lack information on PPIs. Based on these premises, we introduce the reader to the PPI and to the co-expression networks, including aspects of reconstruction and analysis. In particular, the new idea to evaluate large-scale proteomic data by means of co-expression networks will be discussed presenting some examples of application. Their use to infer biological knowledge will be shown, and a special attention will be devoted to the topological and module analysis.
Much effort has been devoted to the metabolic engineering of Klebsiella pneumoniae; however, our knowledge of the actual expression level of promoters used in K.pneumoniae is limited. In this study, the expression levels of three promoters were compared systematically by using the lacZ reporter gene with different carbon sources in K.pneumoniae. The results showed that, although promoters PT5 and Ptac designed for Escherichia coli were functional, PT5 appeared more efficient and the induction/repression ratio of Ptac was decreased extremely in K.pneumoniae. The basal level of Ptac for lacZ expression reached 396.5U/mg, which was 9.5-fold higher compared with PT5 in LB medium, indicating Ptac can be used as an efficient constitutive promoter as well as an efficient induced promoter in K.pneumoniae. In different carbon sources medium, a newly constructed endogenous constitutive Pbud proved to be a stable and weak promoter. On the basis of our data, a set of Pbud and Ptac promoters could meet the broad range (about 1,000 orders of magnitude) of gene expression needed for engineered K.pneumoniae in glycerol-based medium. (C) 2015 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Panax notoginseng, an important herbal medicine, has wide uses for its bioactive compounds and health function. In this work, we compared the content of saponin in cultivation and adventitious root. The total content of saponins in adventitious root (8.48 mg.g(-1)) was found lower than in the native one (3-year-old) (34.34 mg.g(-1)). To enhance the content of bioactive compounds, we applied elicitors jasmonic acid (JA) and methyl dihydrojasmonate (MDJ) to the adventitious root culture. It was observed that the highest total content of saponins (71.94 mg.g(-1)) was achieved after treatment with 5 mg.L-1 JA, which was 2.09-fold higher than native roots and 8.45-fold higher than the control group. The findings from high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry analysis showed that six new compounds were present after the treatment with the elicitors. Furthermore, we found that JA and MDJ significantly upregulated the expression of the geranyl diphosphate synthase, farnesyl diphosphate synthase, squalene synthase, squalene epoxidase, dammarenediol synthase, and CYP716A47 and CYP716A53v2 (CYP450 enzyme) genes; downregulated the expression of the cycloartenol synthase gene; and increased superoxide dismutase and peroxidase activities. (C) 2016 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Fermentation of herb Polygonum hydropiper L. (PHL) and cassava pulp (CP) for feed additive production with simultaneous flavonoid dissolution was investigated, and a two-stage response surface methodology (RSM) based on Plackett-Burman factorial design (PB design) was used to optimize the flavonoid dissolution and protein content. Using the screening function of PB design, four different significant factors for the two response variables were acquired: factors A (CP) and B (PHL) for the flavonoid dissolution versus factors G (inoculum size) and H (fermentation time) for protein content. Then, two RSMs were used sequentially to improve the values of the two response variables separately. The mutual corroboration of the experimental results in the present study confirmed the validity of the associated experimental design. The validation experiment showed a flavonoid dissolution rate of 94.00%, and a protein content of 18.20%, gaining an increase in 21.20% and 199.10% over the control, respectively. The present study confirms the feasibility of feed additive production by Saccharomyces cerevisiae with CP and PHL and simultaneous optimization of flavonoid dissolution and protein content using a two-stage RSM. (C) 2016 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc. Volume 64, Number 2, Pages 290-300, 2017
The electrochemical detection of ascorbic acid (AA) was investigated using a cobalt(III)-ferritin immobilized on a self-assembled monolayer modified gold electrode in phosphate buffer solution (pH7.5). The modified electrode showed excellent electrochemical activity for oxidation of AA. The response to AA on the modified electrode was examined using cyclic and differential pulse voltammetry techniques. The resulting biosensor showed a linear response to AA in a concentration range from 6.25x10(-6) to 2.31x10(-5) M with sensitivity of 86,437 AM(-1) and detection limit of 4.65 x 10(-6) M based on a signal-to-noise ratio of 3. Electrochemical parameters including the charge transfer coefficient () and the apparent heterogeneous electron transfer rate constant (k(s)) for AA were found to be 0.52 and 1.054 Sec(-1), respectively. It has been shown that, using this modified electrode, AA can be determined with high sensitivity, low detection limit, and high selectivity. (C) 2015 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
The goal of tissue engineering is to mitigate the critical shortage of donor organs via in vitro fabrication of functional biological structures. Tissue engineering is one of the most prominent examples of interdisciplinary fields, where scientists with different backgrounds work together to boost the quality of life by addressing critical health issues. Many different fields, such as developmental and molecular biology, as well as technologies, such as micro-and nanotechnologies and additive manufacturing, have been integral for advancing the field of tissue engineering. Over the past 20 years, spectacular advancements have been achieved to harness nature's ability to cure diseased tissues and organs. Patients have received laboratory-grown tissues and organs made out of their own cells, thus eliminating the risk of rejection. However, challenges remain when addressing more complex solid organs such as the heart, liver, and kidney. Herein, we review recent accomplishments as well as challenges that must be addressed in the field of tissue engineering and provide a perspective regarding strategies in further development.
Responsible conduct in learning and research (RCLR) was progressively introduced into the pharmacology curriculum for undergraduate science students at The University of Western Australia. In the second year of this undergraduate curriculum, a lecture introduces students to issues such as the use of animals in teaching and responsible conduct of research. Third year student groups deliver presentations on topics including scientific integrity and the use of human subjects in research. Academic and research staff attending these presentations provide feedback and participate in discussions. Students enrolled in an optional capstone Honours year complete an online course on the responsible conduct of research and participate in an interactive movie. Once RCLR became established in the curriculum, a survey of Likert-scaled and open-ended questions examined student and staff perceptions. Data were expressed as Approval (% of responses represented by Strongly Agree and Agree). RCLR was found to be relevant to the study of pharmacology (69-100% Approval), important for one's future career (62-100% Approval), and stimulated further interest in this area (32-75% Approval). Free entry comments demonstrated the value of RCLR and constructive suggestions for improvement have now been incorporated. RCLR modules were found to be a valuable addition to the pharmacology undergraduate curriculum. This approach may be used to incorporate ethics into any science undergraduate curriculum, with the use of discipline-specific topics. (c) 2016 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 45(1):53-59, 2017.
Voltage-gated calcium (Ca-v) channels serve dual roles in the cell, where they can both depolarize the membrane potential for electrical excitability, and activate transient cytoplasmic Ca2+ signals. In animals, Ca-v channels play crucial roles including driving muscle contraction (excitation-contraction coupling), gene expression (excitation transcriptioncoupling), pre-synaptic and neuroendocrine exocytosis (excitation-secretion coupling), regulation of flagellar/ciliary beating, and regulation of cellular excitability, either directly or through modulation of other Ca2+-sensitive ion channels. In recent years, genome sequencing has provided significant insights into the molecular evolution of Ca-v channels. Furthermore, expanded gene datasets have permitted improved inference of the species phylogeny at the base of Metazoa, providing clearer insights into the evolution of complex animal traits which involve Ca-v channels, including the nervous system. For the various types of metazoan Ca-v channels, key properties that determine their cellular contribution include: Ion selectivity, pore gating, and, importantly, cytoplasmic protein-protein interactions that direct sub-cellular localization and functional complexing. It is unclear when these defining features, many of which are essential for nervous system function, evolved. In this review, we highlight some experimental observations that implicate Ca-v channels in the physiology and behavior of the most early-diverging animals from the phyla Cnidaria, Placozoa, Porifera, and Ctenophora. Given our limited understanding of the molecular biology of Ca-v channels in these basal animal lineages, we infer insights from better-studied vertebrate and invertebrate animals. We also highlight some apparently conserved cellular functions of Ca-v channels, which might have emerged very early on during metazoan evolution, or perhaps predated it.
Toxocariasis is an important, neglected zoonosis caused mainly by Toxocara canis. Although our knowledge of helminth molecular biology is improving through completed draft genome projects, there is limited detailed information on the molecular biology of Toxocara species. Here, transcriptomic sequencing of male and female adult T. canis and comparative analyses were conducted. For each sex, two-thirds (66-67%) of quality-filtered reads mapped to the gene set of T. canis, and at least five reads mapped to each of 16,196 (87.1%) of all 18,596 genes, and 321 genes were specifically transcribed in female and 1467 in male T. canis. Genes differentially transcribed between the two sexes were identified, enriched biological processes and pathways linked to these genes established, and molecules associated with reproduction and development predicted. In addition, small RNA pathways involved in reproduction were characterized, but there was no evidence for piwi RNA pathways in adult T. canis. The results of this transcriptomic study should provide a useful basis to support investigations of the reproductive biology of T. canis and related nematodes(2) (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Background: Antimicrobial resistance is a global public health challenge and carbapenem resistance, in particular, is considered an urgent global health threat. This study was carried out to give a bibliometric overview of literature on carbapenem resistance. In specific, number of publications, top productive countries and institutes, highly cited articles, citation analysis, co-authorships, international collaboration, top active authors, and journals publishing articles on carbapenem resistance were analyzed and discussed. Methods: Specific keywords pertaining to carbapenem resistance were used in Scopus database. Quantitative and qualitative analysis of retrieved data were presented using appropriate bibliometric indicators and visualization maps. Results: A total of 2617 journal articles were retrieved. The average number of citations per article was of 21.47. The growth of publications showed a dramatic increase from 2008 to 2015. Approximately 9 % of retrieved articles on carbapenem resistance were published in Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy journal. Retrieved articles were published by 102 different countries. The United States of America (USA) contributed most with 437 (16.70 %) articles followed by China with 257 (9.82 %) articles. When productivity was stratified by population size, Greece ranked first followed by France. Greece also ranked first when data were stratified by gross domestic product (GDP). Asian countries have lesser international collaboration compared with other countries in the top ten list. Five of top ten productive institutes were Europeans (France, the UK, Greece, Italy, and Switzerland) and two were Asians (China and South Korea). Other active institutes included an Israeli and a Brazilian institute. Four of the top ten cited articles were published in Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy journal and two were published in The Lancet Infectious Diseases. Conclusion: There was a dramatic increase in number of publications on carbapenem resistance in the past few years. These publications were produced from different world regions including Asia, Europe, Middle East, and Latin America. International collaboration needs to be encouraged particularly for researchers in Asia. Molecular biology and epidemiology dominated the theme of the top ten cited articles on carbapenem resistance. This bibliometric study will hopefully help health policy makers in planning future research and allocating funds pertaining to carbapenem resistance.
Introduction. - Diffuse intrinsic pontine gliomas (DIPG) constitute 10-15% of all brain tumors in the pediatric population; currently prognosis remains poor, with an overall survival of 7-14 months. Recently the indication of DIPG biopsy has been enlarged due to the development of molecular biology and various ongoing clinical and therapeutic trials. Classically a biopsy is performed using a stereotactic frame assisted procedure but the workflow may sometimes be heavy and more complex especially in children. In this study the authors present their experience with frameless robotic-guided biopsy of DIPG in a pediatric population. Patients and methods. - Retrospective study on a series of five consecutive pediatric patients harboring DIPG treated over a 4-year period. All patients underwent frameless robotic-guided biopsy via a transcerebellar approach. Results. - Among the 5 patients studied 3 were male and 2 female with a median age of 8.6 years [range 5 to 13 years]. Clinical presentation included ataxia, hemiparesis and cranial nerve palsy in all patients. MRI imaging of the lesion showed typical DIPG features (3 of them located in the pons) with hypo-intensity on T1 and hyper-intensity signal on T2 sequences and diffuse gadolinium enhancement. The mean procedure time was 56 minutes (range 45 to 67 minutes). No new postoperative neurological deficits were recorded. Histological diagnosis was achieved in all cases as follows: two anaplastic astrocytomas (grade III), two glioblastomas, and one diffuse astrocytoma (grade III). Conclusion. - Frameless robotic assisted biopsy of DIPG in pediatric population is an easier, effective, safe and highly accurate method to achieve diagnosis. (C) 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Glycyrrhiza uralensis has acquired significant importance due to its medicinal properties and health function. In this study, the quality of G. uralensis adventitious roots was evaluated in terms of genetic stability, active compounds, and anti-inflammatory activity. Monomorphic banding pattern obtained from the mother plant and tissue cultures of G. uralensis with randomly amplified polymorphic DNA markers confirmed the genetic stability of adventitious roots. Neoliquiritin (neoisoliquiritin), ononin, liquiritin, and glycyrrhizic acid were identified from G. uralensis adventitious roots on the basis of high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry analysis. This study also revealed that adventitious roots possessed a better anti-inflammatory effect than native roots. To increase the contents of G. uralensis active components, elicitors were used in the adventitious roots culture. The combination of methyl jasmonate and phenylalanine synergistically stimulated the accumulation of glycyrrhetinic acid (0.22 mg/g) and total flavonoid (5.43 mg/g) compared with single treatment. In conclusion, G. uralensis adventitious roots can be an exploitable system for the production of licorice. (C) 2016 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
The multivariate location problem is addressed. The most familiar method to address the problem is the Hotelling test. When the hypothesis of normal distributions holds, the Hotelling test is optimal. Unfortunately, in practice the distributions underlying the samples are generally unknown and without assuming normality the finite sample unbiasedness of the Hotelling test is not guaranteed. Moreover, high-dimensional data are increasingly encountered when analyzing medical and biological problems, and in these situations the Hotelling test performs poorly or cannot be computed. A test that is unbiased for non-normal data, for small sample sizes as well as for two-sided alternatives and that can be computed for high-dimensional data has been recently proposed and is based on the ranks of the interpoint Euclidean distances between observations. Five modifications of this test are proposed and compared to the original test and the Hotelling test. Unbiasedness and consistency of the tests are proven and the problem of power computation is addressed. It is shown that two of the modified interpoint distance-based tests are always more powerful than the original test. Particularly, the modified test based on the Tippett criterium is suggested when the assumption of normality is not tenable and/or in case of high-dimensional data with complex dependence structure which are typical in molecular biology and medical imaging. A practical application to a case-control study where functional magnetic resonance imaging is used is discussed.
Background: Foamy viruses (FVs) of the Spumaretrovirinae subfamily are distinct retroviruses, with many features of their molecular biology and replication strategy clearly different from those of the Orthoretroviruses, such as human immunodeficiency, murine leukemia, and human T cell lymphotropic viruses. The FV Gag N-terminal region is responsible for capsid formation and particle budding via interaction with Env. However, the critical residues or motifs in this region and their functional interaction are currently ill-defined, especially in non-primate FVs. Results: Mutagenesis of N-terminal Gag residues of feline FV (FFV) reveals key residues essential for either capsid assembly and/or viral budding via interaction with the FFV Env leader protein (Elp). In an in vitro Gag-Elp interaction screen, Gag mutations abolishing particle assembly also interfered with Elp binding, indicating that Gag assembly is a prerequisite for this highly specific interaction. Gradient sedimentation analyses of cytosolic proteins indicate that wild-type Gag is mostly assembled into virus capsids. Moreover, proteolytic processing of Gag correlates with capsid assembly and is mostly, if not completely, independent from particle budding. In addition, Gag processing correlates with the presence of packaging-competent FFV genomic RNA suggesting that Pol encapsidation via genomic RNA is a prerequisite for Gag processing. Though an appended heterogeneous myristoylation signal rescues Gag particle budding of mutants unable to form capsids or defective in interacting with Elp, it fails to generate infectious particles that co-package Pol, as evidenced by a lack of Gag processing. Conclusions: Changes in proteolytic Gag processing, intracellular capsid assembly, particle budding and infectivity of defined N-terminal Gag mutants highlight their essential, distinct and only partially overlapping roles during viral assembly and budding. Discussion of these findings will be based on a recent model developed for Gag-Elp interactions in prototype FV.
Biomineralogy is an inherently interdisciplinary pursuit. This largely stems from the fact that techniques used to investigate a given (bio)mineral should ideally be married with techniques that provide insight into the biological mechanisms that form that mineral (and vice versa). We observe two broad challenges that inhibit a fluent exchange of ideas and information between mineralogists/materials scientists and biologists. First, the smorgasbord of emerging and rapidly evolving techniques available to mineralogists and biologists alike make it difficult not only for an expert to remain contemporary, but can be bewildering to the non-expert. Second, to truly integrate and relate a specific biological insight into the genesis of a biomineral, with the effect that insight has on the properties of the mineral itself, is not trivial. We propose that an evolutionary developmental biology (evo-devo) approach can not only address this challenge, it can also provide deep insight into how the rich diversity of metazoan mineralised structures evolved. While an evo-devo approach to biomineralogy has previously been employed by some groups, recent exciting methodological developments available to the molecular biologist now make this strategy even more attractive. In this short review we aim to outline our perception of the role that evo-devo can play within the field of biomineralogy, taking as a case study the past achievements, recent insights and some future research directions associated with gastropod shell formation. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Extrafetal tissues are a noncontroversial and inexhaustible source of mesenchymal stem cells that can be harvested noninvasively at low cost. In the veterinary field, as in man, stem cells derived from extrafetal tissues express plasticity, reduced immunogenicity, and have high anti-inflammatory potential making them promising candidates for treatment of many diseases. Umbilical cord mesenchymal cells have been isolated and characterized in different species and have recently been investigated as potential candidates in regenerative medicine. In this study, cells derived from bovine Wharton jelly (WJ) were isolated for the first time by enzymatic methods, frozen/thawed, cultivated for at least 10 passages, and characterized. Wharton jelly-derived cells readily attached to plastic culture dishes displaying typical fibroblast-like morphology and, although their proliferative capacity decreased to the seventh passage, these cells showed a mean doubling time of 34.55 +/- 6.33 hours and a mean frequency of one colony-forming unit fibroblast like for every 221.68 plated cells. The results of molecular biology studies and flow cytometry analyses revealed that WJ-derived cells showed the typical antigen profile of mesenchymal stem cells and were positive for CD29, CD44, CD105, CD166, Oct-4, and c-Myc. They were negative for CD34 and CD14. Remarkably, WJ-derived cells showed differentiation ability. After culture in induced media, WJ-derived cells were able to differentiate into osteogenic, adipogenic, chondrogenic, and neurogenic lines as shown by positive staining and expression of specific markers. On polymerase chain reaction analysis, these cells were negative for MHC-II and positive for MHC-I, thus reinforcing the role of extrafetal tissue as an allogenic source for bovine cell-based therapies. These results provide evidence that bovine WJ-derived cells may have the potential to differentiate to repair damaged tissues and reinforce the importance of extrafetal tissues as stem cell sources in veterinary regenerative medicine. A more detailed evaluation of their immunologic properties is necessary to better understand their potential role in cellular therapy. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
This study had the aim to identify and relat the occurrence of billfish larvae and eggs in the Southeastern coast of Brazil. During the summer in two seasons (2012/2013 and 2013/2014) 74 surface trawls were done using an ichthyoplankton net off the coast of Vitoria-ES, Rio de Janeiro-RJ and Ilhabela-SP and 391 fish larvae were collected. The identification of the billfish larvae was done by molecular biology using the DNA barcode (COI gene). During the 2012/2013 season, five sailfish and two white marlin larvae were identified and in the 2013/2014 season, two sailfishes, two white marlin larvae and two swordfish eggs were identified. The occurrence of billfish larvae shall be further studied, so that inferences about the area and period of spawning and development of early life stages of these fish can be made more accurately.
Extraskeletal myxoid chondrosarcoma (EMC) is an indolent translocation-associated soft tissue sarcoma with a high propensity for metastases. Using a clinical sequencing approach, we genomically profiled patients with metastatic EMC to elucidate the molecular biology and identify potentially actionable mutations. We also evaluated potential predictive factors of benefit to sunitinib, a multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor with reported activity in a subset of EMC patients. Between January 31, 2012 and April 15, 2016, six patients with EMC participated in the clinical sequencing research study. High quality DNA and RNA was isolated and matched normal samples underwent comprehensive next generation sequencing (whole or OncoSeq capture exome of tumor and normal, tumor PolyA+ and capture transcriptome). The expression levels of sunitinib targeted-kinases were measured by transcriptome sequencing for KDR, PDGFRA/B, KIT, RET, FLT1, and FLT4. The previously reported EWSR1-NR4A3 translocation was identified in all patient tumors; however, other recurring genomic abnormalities were not detected. RET expression was significantly greater in patients with EMC relative to other types of sarcomas except for liposarcoma (p<0.0002). The folate receptor was overexpressed in two patients. Our study demonstrated that similar to other translocation-associated sarcomas, the mutational profile of metastatic EMC is limited beyond the pathognomonic translocation. The clinical significance of RET expression in EMC should be explored. Additional pre-clinical investigations of EMC may help elucidate molecular mechanisms contributing to EMC tumorigenesis that could be translated to the clinical setting.
The question of specific properties of life compared to nonliving things accompanied biology throughout its history. At times this question generated major controversies with largely diverging opinions. Basically, mechanistic thinkers, who tried to understand organismic functions in terms of nonliving machines, were opposed by those who tried to describe specific properties or even special forces being active within living entities. As this question included the human body, these controversies always have been of special relevance to our self-image and also touched practical issues of medicine. During the second half of the twentieth century, it seemed to be resolved that organisms are explainable basically as physicochemical machines. Especially from the perspective of molecular biology, it seemed to be clear that organisms need to be explained solely by the chemical functions of their component parts, although some resistance to this view never ceased. This research program has been working quite successfully, so that science today knows a lot about the physiological and chemical processes within organisms. However, again new doubts arise questioning whether the mere continuation of this analytical approach will finally generate a fundamental understanding of living entities. At the beginning of the twenty-first century the quest for a new synthesis actually comes from analytical empiricists themselves. The hypothesis of the present paper is that empirical research has been developed far enough today, that it reveals by itself the materials and the prerequisites to understand more of the specific properties of life. Without recourse to mysterious forces, it is possible to generate answers to this age-old question, just using recent, empirically generated knowledge. This view does not contradict the results of reductionistic research, but rather grants them meaning within the context of organismic systems and also may increase their practical usefulness. Although several of these properties have been discussed before, different authors usually concentrated on a single one or some of them. The paper describes ten specific properties of living entities as they can be deduced from contemporary science. The aim is to demonstrate that the results of empirical research show both the necessity as well as the possibility of the development of a new conception of life to build a coherent understanding of organismic functions.
The corrosion and odor caused by hydrogen sulfide formation are serious problems in sewer operations, and the cost to prevent these problems is high. Understanding the sulfur cycle mechanism and controlling the sulfur cycle in sediment biofilm are essential to solve these problems. In this review, the reaction mechanisms of the sulfur cycle in sediment biofilm in sewer systems revealed by using in situ microelectrode measurements and molecular biological technologies are summarized. The results indicated that the profile of the reaction process of the sulfur cycle in sediment biofilm was primarily affected by the substrate concentration change in the liquid phase and the various substrate penetrations in sediment biofilm. The biological community's distribution and shifting of sulfate reduction bacteria and sulfide oxidation bacteria across the sediment biofilm were in response to the substrate change of the microenvironment in sediment biofilm. The influence of flow fluctuation on the profile of the sulfur cycle in the sediment biofilm of field sewers, the advantageous biological techniques of pyrosequencing and metagenome analyses combined with novel in situ microelectrode measurements, and the new concept model-related control technology of the sulfur cycle in sediment biofilm should be promoted in future studies.
Epithelial cells from oral mucosa (EOM) are responsible for important functions, like the primary protection of oral mucosa against external aggressions building a mechanical barrier against microorganisms, mechanical damage, toxic material, thermal regulation and secretion of different classes of inflammatory mediators. EOM could be an interesting tool for cellular and molecular biology research. Usually, EOM are collected by a painful and invasive process. In this study, we propose an alternative method to cultivate EOM collected by non-invasive scraping method of oral mucosa. Papanicolaou staining showed mainly two kinds of epithelial cell population after EOM scraping. As result of the five culture methods tested here, our results revealed that the EOM were successfully cultured on a murine feeder layer. In addition, EOM could be frozen and thawed, without morphology changes and loss of viability. Our findings suggest that EOM can be considered as a good cell source for many purposes, such as genetic studies, diagnosis and cell therapy.
Ependymomas represent 10% of pediatric brain tumors. In the recent WHO 2016 classification, pathology is enriched by localization and molecular biology. Whatever the age, total removal by one or several looks when required remains a major prognostic factor. In children, focal radiation remains a standard, while the role of chemotherapy is matter of randomized studies. In infants, front line chemotherapy is the standard. Inclusion in the SIOP ependymoma II protocol is encouraged. In case of relapse, further surgery and radiation are advised, while inclusion in innovative trials including re-irradiation, and phase I-II should be encouraged. A better understanding of underlying mechanisms of ependymoma cell will provide in the close future, the key to use targeted therapies at time of relapse, and very soon as first line therapy for some subgroups of patients.
Tremendous advances in our understanding of the tumor immunology and molecular biology of urothelial carcinoma (UC) have led to the recent approval of immunotherapy as a novel option for patients with UC with advanced disease. Despite the promising data of novel immune checkpoint inhibitors, only a small subset of patients with UC achieves durable remissions. Because an optimal antitumor response requires coordination of multiple immune, tumor, and microenvironment effector cells, novel approaches targeting distinct mechanisms of action likely in combination are needed. In addition, discovery of reliable immune biomarkers, understanding of mechanisms of resistance, and novel clinical trial designs are warranted for maximum benefit of UC immunotherapy. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The blow fly, Lucilia cuprina (Wiedemann, 1830) is a parasitic insect of major global economic importance. Maggots of this fly parasitize the skin of animal hosts, feed on excretions and tissues, and cause severe disease (flystrike or myiasis). Although there has been considerable research on L. cuprina over the years, little is understood about the molecular biology, biochemistry and genetics of this parasitic fly, as well as its relationship with its hosts and the disease that it causes. This Situation might change with the recent report of the draft genome and transcriptome of this blow fly, which has given new and global insights into its biology, interactions with the host animal and aspects of insecticide resistance at the molecular level. This genomic resource will likely enable many fundamental and applied research areas in the future. The present article gives a background on L. cuprina and myiasis, a brief account of past and current treatment, prevention and control approaches, and provides a perspective on the impact that the L cuprina genome should have on future research of this and related parasitic flies, and the design of new and improved interventions for myiasis. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Vector-borne diseases (VBD) are of major importance to human and animal health. In recent years, VBD have been emerging or re-emerging in many geographical areas, alarming new disease threats and economic losses. The precise diagnosis of many of these diseases still remains a major challenge because of the lack of comprehensive data available on accurate and reliable diagnostic methods. Here, we conducted a systematic and in-depth review of the former, current, and upcoming techniques employed for the diagnosis of VBD.
Secreted phosphoprotein 1 (SPP1, also known as osteopontin) is expressed in large pyramidal neurons in the primary motor cortex (M1) of certain primate species, including macaque monkeys, but not of rodents. Based on this, we suggested that SPP1 expression may reflect the functional or structural specialization of highly developed corticospinal systems. In the present study, we further characterized SPP1 in the human central nervous system by investigating its expression in the primary somatosensory cortex (S1) and spinal cord, in addition to M1. Although a small number of SPP1-positive pyramidal neurons were observed in S1, the number was smaller than that in M1. In the cervical segment of the spinal cord, SPP1 was principally expressed in choline acetyltransferase-positive motor neurons in lamina IX. We also examined SPP1 expression in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), a disease characterized by the degeneration of motor neurons. When SPP1 expression was compared in neurons of the same size range, expression in both M1 and the spinal cord of ALS patients was lower than that of subjects without ALS. SPP1 expression was especially reduced in surviving large neurons in both M1 and the spinal cord of ALS patients. The results further support the concept that SPP1 has a role in the specialization of motor projection neurons and suggest that its reduced expression may be implicated in the neurodegeneration seen in ALS.
Surface characteristics play a special role for the biological performance of implants and several strategies are available to this end. The OGI (Osteo Growth Induction) titanium surface is a surface, obtained by applying a strong acid onto the blasted surface. The aim of this in-vitro study is to evaluate in vitro the osteoproperties of OGI surfaces on Mesenchymal Stem cells derived from dental pulp. Our results confirm that this treatment exert a positive effect on mitochondrial homeostasis, as shown by a decrease in ROS production related to environmental stress on the mitochondria. Morphological and molecular biology analyses confirmed more over that the DPSC cultured on the OGI surfaces appeared more spread in comparison to those grown on control titanium surface and real time PCR and biochemical data clearly demonstrated the increase of osteoconductive properties of the OGI treatment. In conclusion, our results suggest that mesenchymal stem cells sensitively respond to surface properties related to OGI treatment enhancing their osteogenic activities. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Sex differentiation of flower buds is an important developmental process that directly affects fruit yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L). Plant hormones, such as gibberellins (GAs) and ethylene can promote development of male and female flowers, respectively, however, the regulatory mechanisms of GA-induced male flower formation and potential involvement of ethylene in this process still remain unknown. In this study, to unravel the genes and gene networks involved in GA-regulated cucumber sexual development, we performed high throughout RNA-Seq analyses that compared the transcriptomes of shoot tips between GA(3) treated and untreated gynoecious cucumber plants. Results showed that GA(3) application markedly induced male flowers but decreased ethylene production in shoot tips. Furthermore, the transcript levels of M (CsACS2) gene, ethylene receptor CsETR1 and some ethylene-responsive transcription factors were dramatically changed after GA(3) treatment, suggesting a potential involvement of ethylene in GA regulated sex expression of cucumber. Interestingly, GA(3) down-regulated transcript of a C-class floral homeotic gene, CAG2, indicating that GA may also influence cucumber sex determination through an ethylene-independent process. These results suggest a novel model for hormone-mediated sex differentiation and provide a theoretical basis for further dissection of the regulatory mechanism of male flower formation in cucumber. Statement: We reveal that GA can regulate sex expression of cucumber via an ethylene dependent manner, and the M (CsACS2), CsETR1, and ERFs are probably involved in this process. Moreover, CAG2, a C-class floral homeotic gene, may also participate in GA-modulated cucumber sex determination, but this pathway is ethylene-independent.
Moso bamboo is characterized by infrequent sexual reproduction and erratic flowering habit; however, the molecular biology of flower formation and development is not well studied in this species. We studied the molecular regulation mechanisms of moso bamboo development and flowering by selecting three key regulatory pathways: plant-pathogen interaction, plant hormone signal transduction and protein processing in endoplasmic reticulum at different stages of flowering in moso bamboo. We selected PheDof1, PheMADS14 and six microRNAs involved in the three pathways through KEGG pathway and cluster analysis. Subcellular localization, transcriptional activation, Western blotting, insitu hybridization and qRT-PCR were used to further investigate the expression patterns and regulatory roles of pivotal genes at different flower development stages. Differential expression patterns showed that PheDof1, PheMADS14 and six miRNAs may play vital regulatory roles in flower development and floral transition in moso bamboo. Our research paves way for further studies on metabolic regulatory networks and provides insight into the molecular regulation mechanisms of moso bamboo flowering and senescence.
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) are a highly conserved gene family that form pentameric receptors involved in fast excitatory synaptic neurotransmission. The specific roles individual nAChR subunits perform in Drosophila melanogaster and other insects are relatively uncharacterized. Of the 10 D. melanogaster nAChR subunits, only three have described roles in behavioral pathways; D alpha 3 and D alpha 4 in sleep, and D alpha 7 in the escape response. Other subunits have been associated with resistance to several classes of insecticides. In particular, our previous work has demonstrated that an allele of the D alpha 1 subunit is associated with resistance to neonicotinoid insecticides. We used ends-out gene targeting to create a knockout of the D alpha 1 gene to facilitate phenotypic analysis in a controlled genetic background. To our knowledge, this is the first report of a native function for any nAChR subunits known to be targeted by insecticides. Loss of D alpha 1 function was associated with changes in courtship, sleep, longevity, and insecticide resistance. While acetylcholine signaling had previously been linked with mating behavior and reproduction in D. melanogaster, no specific nAChR subunit had been directly implicated. The role of D alpha 1 in a number of behavioral phenotypes highlights the importance of understanding the biological roles of nAChRs and points to the fitness cost that may be associated with neonicotinoid resistance.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and its tyrosine kinase receptor TrkB have been reported to be associated with poor prognosis in neuroblastoma (NB) patients. Our previous studies indicated that BDNF activation of TrkB induces chemo-resistance through activation of phosphoinositide-3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt pathway. In this study, we investigated the role of BDNF/TrkB on metastasis in NB. A tetracycline-regulated TrkB-expressing NB cell line (TB3) was used. Scratch wound healing assay, Boyden chamber migration, and invasion assays were performed to study the migration and invasion of TB3 cells. A tumor xenograft model using SCID-Beige mice was utilized to detect the metastasis of NB tumors in vivo. Inhibitors of PI3K, MAPK, Akt, and mTOR were used. Western blotting was performed to study the expressions of P-Akt, P-Erk, and P-mTOR. Our results showed that in TrkB-expressing NB cells, BDNF treatment significantly increased gap closing (P < 0.01) in scratch wound healing assay, also significantly enhanced the numbers of migrating cells (P < 0.01) and invading cells (P < 0.01) in the Boyden chamber migration and invasion assays. In vivo, NB distant metastases were significantly increased in mice with TrkB-expressing xenograft tumors compared to those with non-TrkB-expressing tumors (P < 0.05). Pre-treatment with any of the inhibitors for PI3K (LY294002), MAPK (PD98059), Akt (perifosine), or mTOR (rapamycin) blocked the BDNF/TrkB-induced increases of cell migration and invasion in TB3 cells, and also blocked the BDNF/TrkB-induced expressions of P-Akt, P-Erk, and P-mTOR. These data indicated that BDNF/TrkB increased metastasis in NB via PI3K/Akt/mTOR and MAPK pathways, and BDNF/TrkB and the downstream targets may be potential targets for the treatment of NB metastasis.
Participating in undergraduate research can be a pivotal experience for students in life science disciplines. Development of critical thinking skills, in addition to conveying scientific ideas in oral and written formats, is essential to ensuring that students develop a greater understanding of basic scientific knowledge and the research process. Modernizing the current life sciences research environment to accommodate the growing demand by students for experiential learning is needed. By developing and implementing a structured, theory-based approach to undergraduate research in the life sciences, specifically biochemistry, it has been successfully shown that more students can be provided with a high-quality, high-impact research experience. The structure of this approach allowed students to develop novel, independent projects in a computational molecular modeling lab. Students engaged in an experience in which career goals, problem-solving skills, time management skills, and independence in a research lab were developed. After experiencing this approach to undergraduate research, students reported feeling challenged to think critically and prepared for future career paths. The approach allowed for a progressive learning environment where more undergraduate students could participate in publishable research. Future areas for development include implementation in a bench-top lab and extension to disciplines beyond biochemistry. In this study, it has been shown that utilizing the structured approach to undergraduate research could allow for more students to experience undergraduate research and develop into more confident, independent life scientists well prepared for graduate schools and professional research environments. (C) 2016 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
The aim of this study is to optimize the production of optically pure D (-) lactic acid (DLA) employing a cost-effective production medium. Based on the designed biomass approach, Sporolactobacillus inulinus NBRC 13595 was found to exhibit high DLA titer (19.0 g L-1) and optical purity (99.6%). A cost-effective medium was constituted using Palmyra palm jaggery (PJ) from Borassus flabellifer and whey protein hydrolysate (WPH) as carbon and nitrogen sources, respectively. Plackett-Burman design indicated that PJ, WPH, and MnSO4 as significant variables influence DLA production. A rotatable central composite design and response surface methodology were used to optimize the PJ and WPH concentrations. A maximum DLA titer (170.14 g L-1) was predicted for 222.24 g L-1 of PJ and 11.99 g L-1 of WPH, respectively. Fermentation experimental results exhibited a maximum DLA titer (189.0 +/- 8.53 g L-1) and productivity (5.25 +/- 0.24 g L-1 H-1), which is the highest ever reported for DLA production from a renewable feedstock in the batch process. The present investigation substantiates that the potential application of economically viable raw feedstocks (PJ and WPH) for enhanced DLA production, which is attributed to 2.5-fold reduction in DLA production cost compared with conventional medium. (C) 2015 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Biochemical analysis of biological substances found at a crime scene is an important aspect of forensic investigations, where the objective is to determine the identification of crime victims and suspects/persons-of-interest. One particular biochemistry/molecular biology-based area of interest in forensic analysis is forensic serology; this area focuses on the complex task of gathering information regarding the type, age, ethnicity, and/or gender of the sample originator from the biological fluids (blood, saliva, etc.) found at a crime scene. In this review, we cover various studies involving biocomputing techniques used for the analysis of biological samples namely blood - in different forensic applications. The studies covered include the differentiation of gender and ethnicity using a biocomputing system that produces a binary result, as well as the determination of blood spot age. Each of the applications showcased in this review produces sometimes ambiguous results that would normally pose major problems for a study, however, the addition of biocomputing logic provides an extra level of certainty and clarity. We hope to convey the advantages of utilizing biocomputing methods in various forms of forensic analysis.
Since molecular biology studies began, researches in biological science have centered on proteins and genes at molecular level of a single cell. Cancer research has also focused on various functions of proteins and genes that distinguish cancer cells from normal cells. Accordingly, most contemporary anticancer drugs have been developed to target abnormal characteristics of cancer cells. Despite the great advances in the development of anticancer drugs, vast majority of patients with advanced cancer have shown grim prognosis and high rate of relapse. To resolve this problem, we must reevaluate our focuses in current cancer research. Cancer should be considered as a systemic disease because cancer cells undergo a complex interaction with various surrounding cells in cancer tissue and spread to whole body through metastasis under the control of the systemic modulation. Human body relies on the cooperative interaction between various tissues and organs, and each organ performs its specialized function through tissue-specific cell networks. Therefore, investigation of the tumor-specific cell networks can provide novel strategy to overcome the limitation of current cancer research. This review presents the limitations of the current cancer research, emphasizing the necessity of studying tissue-specific cell network which could be a new perspective on treating cancer disease, not cancer cells.
Nitrile-converting enzymes, including nitrilase and nitrile hydratase (NHase), have received increasing attention from researchers of industrial biocatalysis because of their critical role as a tool in organic synthesis of carboxylic acids and amides from nitriles. To date, these bioconversion approaches are considered as one of the most potential industrial processes using resting cells or purified enzymes as catalysts for production of food additives, pharmaceutical, and agrochemical precursors. This review focuses on the distribution and catalytic mechanism research of nitrile-converting enzymes in recent years. Molecular biology aspects to improve the biocatalytic performance of microbial nitrilase and NHase are demonstrated. The process developments of microbial nitrilase and NHase for organic synthesis are also discussed.
(R)ecent advances in deep brain stimulators and brain -machine interfaces have greatly expanded the possibilities of neuroprosthetics and neuromodulation. Together with advances in neuroengineering, nanotechnology, molecular biology and material sciences, it is now possible to address fundamental questions in neuroscience in new, more powerful ways. It is now possible to apply these new technologies in ways that range from augmenting and restoring function to neuromodulation modalities that treat neuropsychiatric disorders. Recent developments in neuromodulation methods offer significant advantages and potential clinical benefits for a variety of disorders. Here we describe the current state of the art in neuromodulation methods, and some advances in brain -machine interfaces, describing the advantages and limitations of the clinical applications of each method. The future applications of these new methods and how they will shape the future of psychiatry and medicine, along with safety and ethical implications, are also discussed. (c) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
We exploited the potential of cucurbits for ectopic gene expression. Agroinfiltration is a simple and commonly used method to obtain transient expression of foreign genes in plants. In contrast to in vitro transformation techniques, agroinfiltration can be used for genetic modification of mature plant tissues. Although the cucurbits are commonly used as model plants for molecular biology and biotechnology studies, to date there are no literature sources on the possibility of transient gene expression in mature cucurbit tissues. Our research has shown that mature leaves of Luffa cylindrica L. (luffa), in contrast to other cucurbit species, can be successfully transiently transformed with Agrobacterium tumefaciens. We efficiently transformed luffa leaves with a reporter gene encoding beta-glucuronidase (GUS). The GUS activity in transiently transformed leaf tissues was detected within 24 h after the infiltration with bacteria. Additionally, we have shown that the activity of a transiently expressed the GUS gene can be monitored directly in the EDTA-exudates collected from the cut petioles of the agroinfiltrated leaves. The results suggest that luffa leaves can be useful as a plant expression system for studies of physiological and biochemical processes in cucurbits.
Prostatic hyperplasia (PH) is a common urologic disease that affects mostly elderly men. PH can be classified as benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), or prostate cancer (PCa) based on its severity. Oxidative stress (OS) is known to influence the activities of inflammatory mediators and other cellular processes involved in the initiation, promotion and progression of human neoplasms including prostate cancer. Scientific evidence also suggests that micronutrient supplementation may restore the antioxidant status and hence improve the clinical outcomes for patients with BPH and PCa. This review highlights the recent studies on prostate hyperplasia and carcinogenesis, and examines the role of OS on the molecular pathology of prostate cancer progression and treatment.
Background: HPV-16 modifies the overall survival (OS) of patients with oropharyngeal cancer (OPSCC). HPV-16 has been established as risk factor for OPSCC, but HPV-16 infection may also reside in the larynx and oral cavity. We evaluated HPV-16 status on OS of Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma (HNSCC) patients. Methods: HPV-16 infection was confirmed by amplification of E6 and E7 viral oncogenes through PCR assay and E6 IHC in 185 HNSCC samples. Associations between HPV-16 status and clinicopathological parameters were performed using Fisher's exact test and x(2). Survival analysis was completed using Kaplan-Meier estimator and multivariate Cox regression analysis. Results: OS of HPV-16 positive patients was longer compared to HPV-16 negative patients (P = 0.002). HPV-16 positive tumors of the larynx (LSCC) and pharynx (PSCC) showed improved OS compared to HPV-16 negative tumors. Also, HPV-16 positive patients exposed to radiotherapy presented a better survival. Conclusions: HPV-16 status has a positive prognostic value in HNSCC. Addition of HPV-16 status to the TNM staging can provide better assessment in prognosis and guide treatment for HNSCC patients.
Objective: To review contemporary knowledge of the hCG molecule, its isoforms and the importance of glycosylation. Biologic variants and glycoforms of hCG have different biological activities and functions related to the control of menstrual cycle, conception, gestation as well as gynaecologic and non-gynaecologic malignancies. Design: A review. Setting: Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, University Hospital Olomouc. Methods: To present own experience and an overview of recent literature in molecular biology, clinical biochemistry and clinical practice. Conclusion: Recent knowledge of the role of hCG glycosylation in physiologic and pathologic events in female organism will provide a better understanding of regulation of processes like ovulation (co-operation of pituitary hCG with LH), implantation and hemochorial placentation (invasivity of hyperglycosylated hCG). Some biologic variants and isoforms of hCG are important for the prediction of certain pathologies of pregnancy, prenatal screening of inborn errors (free beta hCG) as well as in the treatment of infertility.
Dravet syndrome (DS) is a genetic encephalopathy that is characterized by severe seizures and prominent co-morbidities (e.g., physical, intellectual disabilities). More than 85% of the DS patients carry an SCN1A mutation (sodium channel, voltage gated, type I alpha subunit). Although numerous anti-epileptic drugs have entered the market since 1990, these drugs often fail to adequately control seizures in DS patients. Nonetheless, current clinical data shows significant seizure reduction in DS patients treated with the serotonergic (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) drug fenfluramine (FA). Recent preclinical research confirmed the anti-epileptiform activity of FA in homozygous scn1a mutant zebrafish larvae that mimic DS well. Here we explored the anti-epileptiform mechanisms of FA by investigating whether selective agonists/antagonists of specific receptor subtypes were able to counteract the FA-induced inhibition of seizures and abnormal brain discharges observed in the scn1a mutants. We show that antagonists of 5-HT1D and 5-HT2C receptor subtypes were able to do so (LY 310762 and SB 242084, respectively), but notably, a 5-HT2A-antagonist (ketanserin) was not. In addition, exploring further the mechanism of action of FA beyond its serotonergic profile, we found that the anti-epileptiform brain activity of FA was significantly abolished when it was administered in combination with a sigma(1)-agonist (PRE 084). Our study therefore provides the first evidence of an involvement of the sigma(1) receptor in the mechanism of FA. We further show that the level of some neurotransmitters [i.e., dopamine and noradrenaline (NAD)] in head homogenates was altered after FA treatment, whereas g-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and glutamate levels were not. Of interest, NAD-decreasing drugs have been employed successfully in the treatment of neurological diseases; including epilepsy and this effect could contribute to the therapeutic effect of the compound. In summary, we hypothesize that the anti-epileptiform activity of FA not only originates from its 5-HT1D and 5-HT2C-agonism, but likely also from its ability to block sigma(1) receptors. These findings will help in better understanding the pharmacological profile of compounds that is critical for their applicability in the treatment of DS and possibly also other drug-resistant epilepsies.
Mesenchymal stromal cell (MSC) application in Coxsackievirus B3 (CVB3)-induced myocarditis reduces myocardial inflammation and fibrosis, exerts prominent extra-cardiac immunomodulation, and improves heart function. Although the abovementioned findings demonstrate the benefit of MSC application, the mechanism of the MSC immunomodulatory effects leading to a final cardioprotective outcome in viral myocarditis remains poorly understood. Monocytes are known to be a trigger of myocardial tissue inflammation. The present study aims at investigating the direct effect of MSC on the mobilization and trafficking of monocytes to the heart in CVB3-induced myocarditis. One day post CVB3 infection, C57BL/6 mice were intravenously injected with 1 x 10(6) MSC and sacrificed 6 days later for molecular biology and flow cytometry analysis. MSC application reduced the severity of myocarditis, and heart and blood pro-inflammatory Ly6C(high) and Ly6C(middle) monocytes, while those were retained in the spleen. Anti-inflammatory Ly6C(low) monocytes increased in the blood, heart, and spleen of MSC-treated CVB3 mice. CVB3 infection induced splenic myelopoiesis, while MSC application slightly diminished the spleen myelopoietic activity in CVB3 mice. Left ventricular (LV) mRNA expression of the chemokines monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP)-1, MCP-3, CCL5, the adhesion molecules intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, the pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin-6, interleukin-12, tumor necrosis factor-, the pro-fibrotic transforming growth factor1, and circulating MCP-1 and MCP-3 levels decreased in CVB3 MSC mice, while LV stromal cell-derived factor-1 RNA expression and systemic levels of fractalkine were increased in CVB3 MSC mice. MSC application in CVB3-induced myocarditis modulates monocytes trafficking to the heart and could be a promising strategy for the resolution of cardiac inflammation and prevention of the disease progression.
The performance of some Fourier transform based fundamental current detection algorithms is evaluated and compared in this paper. Some difficult conditions are imposed by a load which draws a highly distorted current with a slight fluctuation, i. e. with non-equal semi-periods. The implemented algorithms are Recursive Discrete Fourier Transform (RDFT), Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT) implemented through a Finite Impulse Response (FIR) filter and respectively the Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) with Butterfly operation and radix-2 decimation in time (DIT). A digital signal processor (DSP) based solution is used for real-time implementation, namely a dSPACE 1103 controller development board. MATLAB/Simulink software is used for the design of the algorithms because it provides specialized tools and blocks. For the performance comparison one used criteria like total harmonic distortion (THD) and settling time of detected fundamental current and also the run time for the DSP. This study may be useful as a guide for engineers in selecting the suitable Fourier transform based control algorithm for active power filters or other grid-synchronized equipments which are operating in difficult load conditions.
This paper introduces a highly flexible multichannel output stage for battery-powered portable electric stimulators (ESs), based on novel power converter architecture. Compared with other solutions, the presented output stage for transcutaneous (surface) stimulations increases the number of applicable therapies, improves the battery operating time through reduced power consumption, and potentially results in more comfortable and shorter healing therapies. The new hybrid switch-mode power converter is a combination of flyback and switched-capacitor (SC) topologies. The flyback steps up the battery voltage and provides galvanic isolation. The following power-efficient SC stage replaces lossy linear current sources (CSs) of conventional solutions and produces pulses with a much higher slew rate, reducing the pulse energy needed to cause the stimulus. The SC also inherently produces pulses with zero-net charge, eliminating bulky blocking capacitors and/or dedicated discharging circuits. The regulation of the amplitudes of the pulses is performed with a new digital voltage-programmed current mode controller, forcing the output of the SC stage to behave as a CS. The flexible digital controller allows for creation of various types of pulses and also features several levels of patient protection. An experimental prototype of the output stage has undergone proof of principle tests with able-bodied individuals. The results show that the new output stage produces pulses with a 1-mA/ns slew rate, about two orders of magnitude higher than the other known solutions. The trials show that the faster slew rate pulses generate the same muscle contraction with 34% lower amplitudes, reducing energy consumption by 55%, allowing longer battery life of portable ES applications.
Division-summation (D-Sigma) digital control has been successfully applied to the single-phase bidirectional inverter with an LC filter, which can coverwide inductance variation and achieve precise inverter current tracking. However, high frequency ripple current injection to the grid cannot be avoided, and an LCL filter is therefore required. Since there typically exist grid voltage harmonics, the injected grid current will contain harmonic components due to the effect of the LCL-filter capacitor. This paper presents an extended application of the D-Sigma digital control associated with a filter-capacitor-current compensation to reduce the injected grid-current harmonics. The control laws of the inverter with the D-Sigma digital control and compensation approach are derived in detail, and the reduction of grid-current harmonics is analyzed. With the proposed approaches, the phase margin between the output impedance of the inverter and grid impedance can be higher than 80 degrees from low to high frequencies, and the inverter can achieve high harmonic voltage rejection ratio up to 39th harmonic, which is relatively suitable for weak grid connection. Experimental results measured from a 5-kW single-phase bidirectional inverter have verified the feasible application of the D-Sigma digital control and proposed compensation.
In recent years, model predictive control (MPC) has been successfully used for the control of power electronics converters with different topologies and for different applications. MPC offers many advantages over more traditional control techniques such as the ability to avoid cascaded control loops, easy inclusion of constraint, and fast transient response. On the other hand, the controller computational burden increases exponentially with the system complexity and may result in an unfeasible realization on modern digital control boards. This paper proposes a novel distributed MPC (DMPC), which is able to achieve the same performance of the classical MPC while reducing the computational requirements of its implementation. The proposed control approach is tested on a ac/ac converter in a back-to-back configuration used for power flow management. Simulation results are provided and validated through experimental testing in several operating conditions.
This paper presents a power electronic converter used to redistribute the power among the phases in unbalanced power systems, which is supposed to be designed based on the involved degree of unbalance. A bidirectional converter is chosen for this purpose, whose modeling is presented in the dq0 system. This solution can be considered as part of a unified control system, where conventional active power filters may be solely responsible for compensating harmonics and/or the tuning of passive filters becomes easier, with consequent reduction in involved costs in a decentralized approach. The adopted control strategy is implemented in digital signal processor TMS320F2812, while experimental results obtained from an experimental prototype rated at 17.86 kVA are properly discussed considering that the converter is placed at the secondary side of a transformer supplying three distinct single-phase loads. It is effectively shown that the converter is able to balance the currents in the transformer phases, thus leading to the suppression of the neutral current.
It is traditionally challenging to implement higher-order PWM closed-loop Class-D audio amplifiers using analog intensive techniques in deep-submicron, low voltage process technologies. This is primarily attributed to reduced power supply, degraded analog transistor characteristics, including short-channel effects, increased flicker noise, random telegraph noise, transistor reliability concerns and passive component performance. In this paper, we introduce a global closed-loop mixed-signal architecture incorporating digital control and integrate a fourth-order amplifier prototype in 55 nm CMOS. A systematic approach to analyze, design and compensate the feedback loop in the digital domain is also presented. The versatility of implementing the loop gain poles and zeros digitally attains high gain throughout the audio band and attenuates residual high frequency ripples around the loop, simultaneously accomplishing improvements in THD+ N and PSRR. The overall architecture is inherently amenable to implementation in deep-submicron and is therefore compatible with scaled CMOS. The measured prototype achieves a high 105 dBA SNR, 0.0031% THD+ N, 92 dB PSRR and 85% efficiency when supplying 1 W into emulated 8 speaker load. This performance is competitive with conventional designs using large feature size precision CMOS or specialized BCD technologies and reports the highest output power (1.5 W) for deep-submicron designs.
How to control and monitor devices when I'm not at home? It is a question that until the last century did not have an overwhelming answer from the engineering field. The technological development of recent years has allowed us to perform this task by using software and hardware tools: monitoring different devices from our smart phone comes down to simply downloading an app or entering a website. This article presents an application that can be example of how to answer the aforementioned question.
A discretization method is proposed for a rather general class of nonlinear continuous-time systems, which can have a piecewise-constant input, such as one under digital control via a zero-order-hold device. The resulting discrete-time model is expressed as a product of the integration-gain and the system function that governs the dynamics of the original continuous-time system. This is made possible with the use of the delta or Euler operator and makes comparisons of discrete and continuous time systems quite simple, since the difference between the two forms is concentrated into the integration-gain. This gain is determined in the paper by using the Riccati approximation of a certain gain condition that is imposed on the discretized system to be an exact model. The method is shown to produce a smaller error norm than one uses the linear approximation. Simulations are carried out for a Lotka-Volterra and an averaged van der Pol nonlinear systems to show the superior performance of the proposed model to ones known to be online computable, such as the forward-difference, Kahan's, and Mickens' methods. Insights obtained should be useful for developing digital control laws for nonlinear continuous-time systems, which is currently limited to the simplest forward-difference model.
Based on the orthogonal superposition theorem of three alternating magnetic components, a universal uniform magnetic spin vector is superimposed using tri-axial Helmholtz coils, achieving successive digital control of the orientation, the rotational speed, and the magnetic flux density of the universal magnetic spin vector. For increasing the magnitude and orientation accuracy of the magnetic spin vector, this paper presents a mathematical model associated with the magnitude error and orientation error of the universal magnetic spin vector, along with a double error compensation method for the magnitude and orientation of the universal magnetic spin vector superimposed by three alternating magnetic components. The double error compensation method includes the current magnitude compensation by three different structural coefficients of tri-axial Helmholtz coils and the current phase compensation by two relative phase differences under linear polarization. The results have shown that the double compensation method can increase the magnitude and orientation accuracy of the rotating magnetic vector effectively, which would achieve an accurate posture adjustment and steering control on the capsule robots in curving environment.
This study presents a self-testing platform with a foreground digital calibration technique for successive approximation register (SAR) analog-to-digital converters (ADCs). A high-accuracy digital-to-analog converter (DAC) with digital control is used for the proposed self-testing platform to generate the sinusoidal test signal. This signal is then implemented using an Arduino board, and the clock signal is generated to test the ADCs. In addition, fast Fourier transform and recursive discrete Fourier transform (RDFT) processors are adopted for dynamic performance evaluation and calibration of the ADCs. The third harmonic distortion caused by the non-linearity of the track-and-hold circuit, the mismatch of the DAC capacitor array, and the direct current (DC) offset of the comparator can be calculated using the processors to improve the ADC performance. The advantages of the proposed platform include its low cost, high integration, and no need for an extra analogy compensation circuit to deal with calibration. In this work a 12 bit SAR ADC and an RDFT processor are used in the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (TSMC) 0.18 mu m standard complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor (CMOS) process with a sampling rate of 18.75 kS/s to validate the proposed method. The measurement results show that the signal-to-noise and distortion ratio is 55.07 dB before calibration and 61.35 dB after calibration.
The paper presents a real-time open software simulation framework, dedicated to the analysis of control systems deployed over distributed execution resources and wireless links. It is able to consistently simulate in parallel the numerical devices (real-time tasks and communication links) and the evolution of the controlled continuous time plant. It is applied to foresee future enhancements of a Functional Electrical Stimulation (FES) system used in therapy for rehabilitation or substitution for disabled people. It is a distributed control system using electrodes to interface a digital control system with livings. Hence the whole system gathers continuous-time (muscles and nerves) and discrete-time (controllers and wireless links) components. During the design process, realistic simulation remains a precious tool ahead of real experiments to check without danger that the implementation matches the functional and safety requirements. The simulation tool is especially devoted to the joint design and analysis of control loops and real-time features.
This paper presents an edge boosting method for I/O output buffer using signal front detection digital control circuit. The presented architecture detects I/O data or clock signal transitions and activates additional drive strength fingers in the output buffer resulting in output current increase which improves the slew rate, compensating for losses in transmission lines. The presented edge boosting method can be used in the I/O circuits of such standards as DDR(Double Data Rate), USB(Universal Serial Bus), PCI(Peripheral Component Interconnect) etc.
This paper presents an experimental investigation on specimens manufactured by Selective Laser Sintering (SLS), with the purposes of giving designers advice when designing 3D printed parts, and laying the basis for a step forward in the field of fracture mechanics of 3D complex parts. The aim is to investigate the effect of building direction in Polyamide (PA) 3D printed samples and to assess whether a crack can be initiated directly from the sintering process for fracture mechanics study purposes. Six different configurations of Mode I Compact Tension (CT) specimens were manufactured and tested; the experiments were monitored by Digital Image Correlation (DIC) and fractured surfaces were analyzed using microscopy. Results showed that samples with better mechanical performance are those in which all the layers contain a portion of the crack. On the other hand, those with layers parallel to the crack plan offer a preferential pathway for the crack to propagate. DIC and fractography investigations showed that, under certain conditions, small-radius geometries, or too-close surfaces may bond together depending on printer resolution. Experiments also showed that SLS is capable of printing specimens with internal cracks that can be used to study fracture mechanics of complex parts or parts with internal cracks. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Existing methods of measuring loop gain of digitally controlled DC/DC converters mainly fall into two categories, namely the analog signal disturbance method (ASDM) and the digital signal disturbance method (DSDM). However, the loop gains obtained from these methods do not totally agree with each other. Through rigorous theoretical analysis, this paper has derived the expressions of open-loop gains obtained from these two methods, whose accuracy has been verified by simulation. Also, this paper has put forward that the difference in signal that enters into the sampler results in the variation of the transfer function of the sampler, and further induces the difference between the open-loop gains obtained from the ASDM and the DSDM.
This work describes an electrical interferometer for contactless permittivity measurements working at 120 GHz. It was fabricated in a 130 nm SiGe process featuring an ft and fmax of 240 and 330 GHz. The on-chip system contains a 120 GHz VCO with a tuning range of 7 GHz featuring a divide-by- 64 circuit to enable external PLL operation. The subsequent buffer provides 7 dBm of output power at 120 GHz. Additionally, the IC contains high-precision and high-resolution phase shifters based on a slow-wave transmission line approach with digital control for direct readout ability. A 120 GHz LNA with 17 dB gain and a power detector to provide DC output signals were realized on chip. It enables sample emulation capability by phase shift inducement in the measurement as well as a reference transmission line. In terms of phase detection, the system shows a sensitivity of 907.36 MHz/degrees.
The high-power grid-connected inverters with LCL filters have been widely used. Current control plays a key role in the grid-connected inverter control system. To cope with the inherent resonance of the LCL filter, active damping (AD) methods are usually employed. However, the AD performance is impaired by control delays which are introduced in the digital control implementation process. Besides, the lag phase due to control delays limits the system bandwidth and stability margin. The effects of control delays are more noteworthy in the high-power grid-connected inverter due to its low switching frequency. This paper investigates the current control strategy based on multisampling for the high-power grid-connected inverter with the LCL filter. First, the multisampled AD scheme is studied, which can reduce control delays effectively and improve AD performance. Besides, the multisampled control without additional damping whether passive or active is researched. Through the inverter-side current feedback, the system can realize single-current-loop control based on multisampling. Thus, the control system is simplified and it can be stable, and achieve better dynamic performance. Finally, experimental results show that the proposed control schemes are effective.
In high-performance magnetic resonance imaging systems, the gradient driver is required to supply the gradient coil with a large current (>600 A) and a high voltage (>2000 V) to achieve a strong gradient field and a fast slew rate. In addition, extremely high fidelity for reproducing the current command from the central system is very critical to imaging quality. This paper presents the solutions for the different elements of the driver: 1) high-bandwidth (BW) power inverter; 2) ripple cancelation filter; 3) multioutput power supply (PS); and 4) digital control. A high-BW power inverter requires a stacked-bridges structure to achieve a high output ripple frequency with the existing commercial power semiconductor modules. The high voltage and the high frequency for large power modules can be obtained easier and with lower loss using the new silicon carbide devices. The control needs a digital implementation and a very fast processor. Digital control provides compensation and feedforward to improve the response. A capability improvement is obtained by reducing the switching frequency when large currents with a very low-frequency variation are needed. The control can handle it very well, but the filter has to be designed to eliminate more than one ripple frequency. Finally, many PS solutions have been used for multiple isolated outputs, but digital control compensation permits the use of much simpler unregulated PS and keeps the performance. A 2 MVA, 900 A/1200 V, platform has been built and fully tested. The experimental results proved the validity of the proposed structure and the modulation technique.
Atomic Layer Deposition (ALD) is an enabling technology which provides coating and material features with significant advantages compared to other existing techniques for depositing precise nanometer-thin two-dimensional (2D) nanostructures. It is a cyclic process which relies on sequential self-terminating reactions between gas phase precursor molecules and a solid surface. ALD is especially advantageous when the film quality or thickness is critical, offering ultra-high aspect ratios. ALD provides digital thickness control to the atomic level by depositing film one atomic layer at a time, as well as pinhole-free films even over a very large and complex areas. Digital control extends to sandwiches, hetero-structures, nano-laminates, metal oxides, graded index layers and doping, and it is perfect for conformal coating and challenging 2D electrodes for various functional devices. The technique's capabilities are presented on the example of ALD-developed ultra-thin 2D tungsten oxide (W0(3)) over the large area of standard 4" Si substrates. The discussed advantages of ALD enable and endorse the employment of this technique for the development of hetero-nanostructure 2D semiconductors with unique properties. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Stability of power converters has become more and more important in hybrid green energy systems because of its difficulties to maintain a stable dc-bus. This paper presents dynamic characteristics of a digital integral gain changeable control dc-dc converter to realize high stability with suppression of the output capacitance. The integral gain changeable control method uses a variable integral gain, which is changed by the value of load current. The stability analysis is conducted by Bode diagrams. It is shown that the transient response and stability of the integral gain changeable method are better than the conventional fixed integral gain control method even if the output capacitance is smaller than the conventional method. Simulation and experimental results show the effectiveness of our concept.
This study proposes high-performance voltage controller design that employs a capacitor current control model for single-phase stand-alone inverters. The single-phase stand-alone inverter is analyzed via modeling, which is then used to design the controller. A design methodology is proposed to maximize the bandwidth of the feedback controller. Subsequently, to compensate for the problems caused by the bandwidth limitations of the controller, an error transfer function that includes the feedback controller is derived, and the stability of the repetitive control scheme is evaluated using the error transfer function. The digital repetitive controller is then implemented. The simulation and experimental results show that the performance of the proposed controller is high in a 1.5 kW single-phase stand-alone inverter prototype.
A fundamental challenge in digital control arises when the controlled plant is subjected to a fast disturbance dynamics but is only equipped with a relatively slow sensor. Such intrinsic difficulties are, however, commonly encountered in many novel applications such as laser- and electron-beam-based additive manufacturing, human-machine interaction, etc. This paper provides a discrete-time regulation scheme for exact sampled-data rejection of disturbances beyond Nyquist frequency. By introducing a model-based multirate predictor and a forward-model disturbance observer, we show that the inter sample disturbances can be fully attenuated despite the limitations in sampling and sensing. The proposed control scheme offers several advantages in stability assurance and lucid design intuitions. Verification of the algorithm is conducted on a motion control platform that shares the general characteristics in several advanced manufacturing systems. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The traditional power control schemes for induction heating device mainly focus on the pulse frequency modulation (PFM) and the pulse density modulation. But they cannot solve the problems of power control, efficiency, and load-adaption well. This paper presents and analyzes the asymmetrical frequency modulation (AFM) control scheme used in the full-bridge series resonant inverter. With the proposed AFM control technique, the output power is controlled by two variables: the operation frequency and the division factor. Better efficiency performance can be achieved in the medium and low output power range when compared with PFM. The principles as well as the zero-voltage switching condition of the AFM are explained and the power losses of switches are analyzed. A control algorithm that schedules the three control modes of AFM is experimentally verified with a digital signal processor based induction heating prototype. The load-adaption, noise and thermal distribution problem of switches are also analyzed.
This paper focuses on dynamic modeling, simulation and control of Advanced Automatic Pumping Station with Canal Level Remote Control System using ABB PLC (Programmable Logical Controller) based Fuzzy Logic Controller. The system is designed for the agricultural land where the water level (i.e. canals or rivers) is low and traditional system of irrigation is not working well. System is automated through two different controllers, first controller automate the water reservoir gate according to the upper and lower limits of reservoir level and second controller dealt with speed of two pumps with respect to the set point of water level in canal. For controlling, monitoring and real time visualization of a system, HMI (Humane Interface Machine -CP 405) is connected. The applied control method is based on Fuzzy Logic System, designed in MATLAB Simulink, which can communicate with PLC through OPC server by using gateway. Through GPRS based system communication is done between PLC and canal water level meter. A digital control unit PLC (AC500 PM556-ETH) gets data from the system, take the require actions and make decision to operate the pumping station. Simulation results show that system can effectively operate in both, automatic as well as manual conditions depending on selection switch.
The model of a voltage source inverter depends on its output filter. The parameters of this filter can differ significantly from their nominal values due to power losses in the core of the output coil and changes in its inductance. Only Multi-Input-Single-Output control systems can effectively reduce inverter output voltage distortions for a standard nonlinear rectifier RC load. However, their design requires knowledge of the actual values of the inverter parameters. The novelty of the paper is that it connects the designs of two MISO control systems with a method of the automated measurements of the voltage source inverter parameters. The breadboard verification is also included.
A number of measures to increase the quality of data recorded with an improved Balzers Eldigraph KD-G2 gas-phase electron diffractometer are discussed. The beam-stop has been decoupled from the sector enabling us recording the current of the primary beam and scattered electrons during the experiment. Different beam-stops were tested for use in the present setup. Modifications of the nozzle tip of an earlier described medium temperature nozzle are reported. The measures lead to reduced exposure times and reduced amount of sample necessary for complete data collection.
Dielectric actuators are utilized to convert electrical power into mechanical strain with considerable potential in microrobotic applications. However, critical challenges that need to be addressed include high-voltage interface with high conversion ratio, light weight, small size, and high power density. This study proposes a high piezoelectric transformer-based high conversion ratio interface that is integrated with a direct current/direct current high conversion ratio boost stage and a direct current/alternating current high-voltage driving stage. A piezoelectric transformer-based class-E zero voltage switching direct current/direct current interface is controlled by a hybrid pulse frequency modulation and pulse width modulation control strategies to obtain the desired high step-up ratio in the direct current/direct current stage. A half-bridge converter with special digital control algorithm in the direct current/alternating current stage is designed to convert high direct current voltage into arbitrary unipolar signal driving dielectric actuators. A prototype 23.3 g and 4W interface has been fabricated for experimental validation to verify its ability to drive a 1 kV input dielectric actuator at 5 Hz in microrobotic applications.
The division-summation (D-Sigma) current control and one-cycle voltage regulation (OCVR) of a 5-kW surface-mounted permanent-magnet synchronous generator (SPMSG) drive is developed. With the advancement of motor manufacturing, motor design, digital control units and power electronics converters, the permanent-magnet synchronous generator (PMSG) is broadly applied to electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, flywheel energy storage system and wind power generators. Satisfactory current control scheme of a PMSG is significant to achieve desired generating performance. The D-Sigma current control is proposed and derived from the conventional space-vector modulation and two-phase modulation. A simplification of the complex self-and mutual inductances in a PMSG is demonstrated. The proposed current control can achieve the current waveform tracking through the simplification of winding inductances without parameter designing procedure of the feedback controller. The computation time of the microcontroller is reduced via the proposed current control scheme. The processing times of the conventional control and the D-Sigma control are compared. Moreover, the dc-link voltage can be well regulated by the proposed OCVR. This method can reduce the complexity of the voltage controller design. The merits of these two methods are easy to implement and the parameter designing procedure of the feedback controller is unnecessary. In addition, the system stability and the parameter sensitivity are analyzed and evaluated. Some measured waveforms verify the current tracking, torque ripple, dynamic performance and voltage regulation of the SPMSG drive. The reduction of the switching losses is verified by the calculation results.
This paper presents a three-dimensional (3-D) space vector pulse width modulation (SVPWM) technique via a 4 x 4 orthonormal transformation matrix that has been used as a new approach in controlling a three-phase four-leg voltage source inverter (VSI). A fully optimal digital control scheme for the closed-loop regulation of the three-phase four-leg VSI has been used to synthesize a sinusoidal waveform with the help of the proposed method. Discrete-time modelling of each phase has been obtained independently in abc reference frame, and its optimal controller has been designed using a predefined performance index. A DSP-based controlled three-phase four-leg prototype VSI has been designed to verify the proposed discrete time modelling and the control scheme. The simulations and the real-time experiments show that satisfactory results have been obtained for the modelling of the three-phase four-leg VSI in abc reference frame and the 3-D SVPWM technique via 4 x 4 orthonormal transformation matrix at 20 kHz switching frequency.
There has been a growing demand of using multi-function inverters for grid-connected systems applied to nonconventional energy sources, such as solar, wind and so on. In addition to power quality conditioning, the inverter can also be used for bidirectional active power exchange with a three-phase four-wire grid. Therefore, the inverter acts as a multi-function compensator. The functions of the proposed inverter system include active power injection, rectification and active power filtering (APF) (including phase power balancing). This paper presents design and implementation of a three-leg split-capacitor shunt multi-function inverter with division-summation (D-Sigma) digital control. The adopted D-Sigma digital control can accommodate filter inductance variation, reducing core size significantly, and its control laws can be derived directly to cancel the variation effects of dc-bus voltage, switching period and filter inductance. An average power method is adopted in this paper for determining fundamental currents at the source side. In the design and implementation, the inductances corresponding to various inductor currents were estimated at the startup and stored in the microcontroller for scheduling loop gain cycle by cycle, which can insure system stability. Measured results from a three-phase four-wire inverter have confirmed the analysis and discussion.
A simple method to aid in the design of digital compensators for DC-DC power switching converter is presented. From simple equations, feasible designs are determined, depending on the characteristics of the converter, sampling frequency and time delay restrictions. It allows to carry out sensitivity analysis of different parameters, obtaining an insightful assessment of their influence on the system performance
The aim of this paper is to present an overcurrent limitation for the digital peak current mode dc-dc converter. The proposed method can detect the overcurrent in real time and it also maintains arbitrary current in the overcurrent limitation mode. It is expected to provide an effective function to protect the renewable energy system. The effectiveness of proposed method is confirmed from both simulated and experimental results.
LCL filters have been widely used for grid-connected inverters. However, the problem that how time delay affects the stability of digitally controlled grid-connected inverters with LCL filters has not been fully studied. In this paper, a systematic study is carried out on the relationship between the time delay and stability of single-loop controlled grid-connected inverters that employ inverter current feedback (ICF) or grid current feedback (GCF). The ranges of time delay for system stability are analyzed and deduced in the continuous s-domain and discrete z-domain. It is shown that in the optimal range, the existence of time delay weakens the stability of the ICF loop, whereas a proper time delay is required for the GCF loop. The present work explains, for the first time, why different conclusions on the stability of ICF loop and GCF loop have been drawn in previous studies. To improve system stability, a linear predictor-based time delay reduction method is proposed for ICF, while a time delay addition method is used for GCF. A controller design method is then presented that guarantees adequate stability margins. The delay-dependent stability study is verified by simulation and experiment.
In these days, three degree of freedom (3DOF) cranes are considered as backbone in most of industries. It is mostly used for picking and placing of heavy objects from one place to another place. The common part in mostly cranes is jib system. Two main tasks of jib system are movement of the trolley and loading/unloading of the payload. The safety of crane mostly depends upon these sub tasks. In most cases, number of unwanted vibrations due to undesirable initial jerks of trolley results uneven operation of crane. These jerks are usually happened during acceleration in the start and deceleration in the end of crane operation. So, it is desirable to develop a control technique that tries to reduce theses initial trolley jerks by providing a reasonable input to the trolley. Moreover, reduction of jerks reduce the payload vibrations. So, it results smooth operation of crane. In this research work, we have implemented PD control technique for payload vibration and trolley position control of jib system of three 3DOF crane. The gains of PD controllers have been found through two methods namely LQR and pole placement. The performance of controllers have been investigated on Matlab/Simulink. The results shows the effectiveness of PD tune by LQR as compared to PD tune by pole placement in context of settling time and rise time of both trolley position and payload vibrations. The former technique is also helpful in reduction of payload vibrations or payload load anti-swing. It has also improved the overshoot of the trolley.
The present paper presents a system intended to be used in the development of photovoltaic inverters with maximum power point tracking capability. A simulation model was implemented in MATLAB/SIMULINK and an experimental model composed of a DSpace 1104 controller board, a Semikron inverter, a coupling transformer, an LC filter and two 75W solar panels was developed. The system facilitates the development and testing of digital control and MPPT algorithms for single-phase inverters connected to the utility grid.
Loudspeakers line arrays are very common reproduction sound systems used in real environments (e.g., theaters, stadiums, cinemas, and conference halls) for synthesizing the directivity characteristics of a linear source. The sound field emitted by a vertical line array can be pointed in a particular direction by using digital signal processing techniques and avoiding any mechanical movements. The approach proposed in this paper to obtain the desired directivity behavior takes advantage of the reproduction of a virtual source with frequency-independent directivity characteristics using wave field synthesis theory and introducing a computational complexity reduction. A full investigation on the performance of the technique has been carried out making comparisons with other approaches proposed in the literature thus providing an overview of the results achievable with digital steering of line arrays. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Based on time-domain quality factor ( Q-factor) measurement principle, we have proposed an architecture which has the potential to be integrated on-chip. Thanks to the proposed original reconfigurable structure, the main measurement error from the offset of the operational trans conductance amplifier (OTA) used can be cancelled automatically during the measurement operation, leading to a high accuracy Q-factor measurement. The digital control circuit plays an important role in the automatic passage between the two configurations designed, i.e., peak detector and comparator. The main advantages of the proposed time-domain Q-factor measurement lay on the possibility of being integrated next to the Micro Electro Mechanical System (MEMS) resonator to be measured, the miniaturization of the whole measuring system as well as the enhancement of the measurement performance, and to guide the design of such architecture, a theoretical analysis linking the required accuracy and the given Q-factor to the circuit parameters have been given in this paper. The proposed circuit is designed and simulated in a 0.35 pm Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductors (CMOS) technology. The post-layout simulation results show that the operating frequency can reach up to 200 kHz with an accuracy of 0.4%.
A digitally controlled sonar power amplifier for underwater transmitter is explained in this paper. It proposes a method of generating unipolar Sine Pulse Width Modulation (SPWM) signals for echo ranging sonar. This method can be effectively used in all kinds of inverters including high frequency inverters. A low cost digital signal controller was used to generate SPWM signals and used as gating pulses for a Controlled Full Bridge Circuit (CFBC). The power required, frequency, pulse-width and pulse repetition interval are given as the inputs to the digital controller and gating pulses for the CFBC are generated as output from the controller. A power transformer connected across CFBC boosts output voltage followed by power filter which removes unwanted harmonics present in the output. The output after the power filter is used to excite electro-acoustic transducer elements underwater. The voltage and current of the load were given as feedback to the same controller for voltage mode control loop implementation of the system. A prototype of 1kW Switch Mode Power Amplifier (SMPA) for echo ranging sonar has been designed and digital control has been implemented. Salient results are presented.
Conventional phase leading input current (PLIC) compensation techniques have focused on a continuous conduction mode (CCM) boost power factor corrector (PFC). In precedent studies, the causes of the PLIC have been investigated by analyzing the current control loop and the input impedance of a boost PFC. However, in a boundary conduction mode (BCM) boost PFC, the current flowing through the input filter capacitor becomes a main cause due to its large ripple current. Despite that, there has not been any effort to compensate the current in the input filter capacitor (IFC) in a BCM boost PFC. In this paper, a new digital control method is proposed to compensate PLIC in a BCM boost PFC, by minimizing the effect of the IFC. The proposed method uses only the derivative of the input voltage, without any additional component. Also, the proposed method improves the displacement factor, but does not affect the distortion factor, resulting in a high power quality in the entire input and output conditions. The derivation of the proposed method is presented based on time-domain analysis, and the effectiveness of the proposed method is experimentally verified with a 60-Hz, 90-230 V-rms input and 395-V/0.5-A output prototype.
The advantages of minimum-phase (MP) systems for control applications are well known. Prior research has shown that a non-MP (NMP) system can be discretized to an MP system using either a zero-order hold (ZOH) or a square-pulse sample-and-hold input (SHI). This paper investigates the MP characteristics of the discrete-time (DT) system obtained by discretizing a continuous-time single-input single-output NMP system using different SHIs. Two new SHIs (forward and backward triangular) are studied in addition to the square pulse. Numerical simulations were adopted for studying the MP property of the resulting DT system as a function of sample-and-hold parameters. The simulation results show that it is possible to find a smaller sampling period that results in an MP DT system using the proposed SHIs compared with the ZOH. The q-Markov cover system identification with pseudorandom binary signal was then used for a hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulation study. A resistor-capacitor filter was used to represent the implementation error of the SHI due to unmodeled actuator dynamics. The HIL simulation results show that the proposed SHI scheme is robust to actuator modeling error. The MP properties of the DT systems with three SHIs are compared. The results show that the forward triangle SHI has the best performance due to its robustness to unmodeled actuator dynamics and the capability of retaining the MP property of the discretized system at small sampling periods.
This paper presents different state feedback approaches of finite control set model predictive control (FCS-MPC) applied to a grid-connected voltage-source converter (VSC) with an LCL filter. Besides converter-side current feedback, two multivariable control approaches and line-side current control are introduced and compared based on theoretical and experimental evaluation. As the LCL filter introduces an additional resonance frequency to the system, the use of different active damping (AD) methods in combination with FCS-MPC is discussed. Furthermore, practical control implementation issues are discussed. The presented methods reveal the great potential, high dynamic performance, and flexibility of FCS-MPC, enabling multivariable control as well as both reduced switching losses and low harmonic current distortion at the same time. Eventually, the feasibility of the theoretical control concepts is shown in a laboratory environment.
Digital Active EMI Filtering (DAEF) technique is a new direction of conductive EMI suppression technologies for switched-mode power converters. However, the conventional DAEF topology only suppresses EMI to ground on the AC (or DC) ports. It doesn't definitely aim to Common Mode (CM) or Differential Mode (DM) EMI. In this paper, a novel DAEF topology is proposed. It can flexibly suppress CM and DM EMI, and also effectively adjust EMI suppression ability as well as prevent interconversion between CM and DM EMI. On the other hand, because of the parasitic parameters of circuit and the time delay of controlling system, the traditional model of DAEF cannot describe the system behavior accurately. This paper proposes a precise model of DAEF system. The model not only considers the passive device parasitic parameters of sense circuit, injection circuit and decoupling circuit, but also considers the time delay of the digital control system. This model can accurately describe filter performance of DAEF. Finally, simulation and experimental results show that the proposed DAEF effectively suppress CM EMI. Moreover, the precise model can predict the system filter performance accurately.
Regression analysis using orthogonal polynomials in the time domain is used to derive a digital filter with an infinite impulse response that satisfies maximally flat design constraints near dc. The low-frequency phase, and high-frequency gain, may be adjusted for lead or lag compensation of plant dynamics. Simulated design examples are used to show how the compensating filter may be intuitively tuned for the desired closed-loop response. It is shown that the second-order instantiation of the compensating filter reduces to a proportional-differential plus filter controller, with improved noise attenuation; closed-form expressions for the filter coefficients, as a function of two design parameters, are provided.
This paper presents a harmonic instability analysis method using state-space modeling and participation analysis in the inverter-fed ac power systems. A full-order state-space model for the droop-controlled distributed generation (DG) inverter is built first, including the time delay of the digital control system, inner current and voltage control loops, and outer droop-based power control loop. Based on the DG inverter model, an overall state-space model of a two-inverter-fed system is established. The eigenvalue-based stability analysis is then presented to assess the influence of controller parameters on the harmonic instability of the power system. Moreover, the harmonic-frequency oscillation modes are identified, where participation analysis is presented to evaluate the contributions of different states to these modes and to further reveal how the system gives rise to harmonic instability. Based on the participation analysis, a reduced-order model for harmonic instability analysis is also proposed. The experimental results are presented for validating the theoretical analyses.
Digital micro-controllers/processors enable the costeffective control of grid-connected power converter systems in terms of system monitoring, signal processing (e.g., grid synchronization), control (e.g., grid current and voltage control), etc. Normally, the control is implemented in a micro-controller/processor with a fixed sampling rate considering the cost and complexity, where the number of unit delays that have been adopted should be an integer. For instance, in conventional digital control systems, a single-phase T/4 Delay Phase-Locked Loop (PLL) system takes 50 unit delays (i.e., in a 50-Hz system with a sampling frequency of 10-kHz) to create a 90 degrees-lagging voltage in order to achieve the grid synchronization with the orthogonal voltage system. However, in practice, the grid frequency is a time-variant parameter due to various eventualities, and thus rounding the number of the unit delays for the T/4 Delay PLL system should be done in its implementation. This process will result in performance degradation in the digital control system, as the exactly required number of delays is not realized. Hence, in this paper, a Virtual Unit Delay (VUD) has been proposed to address such challenges to the digital T/4 Delay PLL system. The proposed VUD adopts linear interpolation polynomial to approximate the fractional delay induced by the varying grid frequency in such a way that the control performance is enhanced. The proposed VUD has been demonstrated on a digitally controlled T/4 Delay PLL system. Experimental results have confirmed the effectiveness of the proposal.
Conventional shaping mehod of tire curing depends on bladder with high elasticity and low rigidity to determine tire cavity profile, it is inevitably difficult to aquire high uniform mass distribution,which leads to low product manufacturing precision and low dynamic balance of tire.Meanwhile conventional tire curing process has defects of low heat transfer efficiency and geat useless consumption which adopts steam or water to heat green tire,especially tire cavity indirectly obtains themal energy from bladder with very low thermal conductivity.A new generation of tire energy saving curing and precision manufacturing technology is expected.Authors of this paper developed a kind of curing technology of direct pressure shaping with inner mould for tire and complete plants that an controlled telescopic metal mould with high rigidity and high heat conductivity replaces bladder and electromagnetic induction heating is applid to curing process which thoroughly abandons conventional heating mediums,further more intelligent and digital control of curing procedure is realized,which provide a new approach for curing saving and precision manufacturing of high-performance tire.Product trial-manufacture is carrid out on 255/30R22 tire and experimental results show that uniformity and dynamic balance of tire respectively increases 33% and 51%,utility cost saves 64% in curing process.
This paper introduces a new voltage regulator module (VRM) that merges a highly efficient switched-inductor converter as the main unit with a load-side switched-capacitor-based converter to assist during load transient events. The resulting hybrid-VRM exhibits improved dynamic performance for both loading and unloading transient events, while maintaining a compact design with reduced output capacitance and lower components stress. The hybrid controller that has been developed allows operation that is based on output voltage measurement alone, further reducing the circuit complexity. A power processing efficiency analysis that has been carried out shows efficiency improvement in favor of the hybrid-VRM when compared to time-optimal control under varying load conditions. The operation of the VRM is verified on a 20-W, 12V-to-1.5-V prototype with peak power conversion efficiency of 93%, demonstrating near-ideal transient recovery.
In many digital control systems, it is required to perform computation in a strictly periodic fashion to provide high control performance. System designers need to assign time slots that are infinitely repeated given a strict period for each task such that the time slots of different tasks do not overlap. While previous work has studied how to decide if a system is schedulable with a certain time slot assignment, it is still an unexplored area of how to select time slots for strictly periodic tasks to make them schedulable. In this paper, we propose an efficient method to solve the above problem. Our method explores the relations among task periods to improve the possibility of finding feasible start time configurations. Finally, we conduct experiments with randomly generated workload to evaluate the performance of the proposed method. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
This paper presents a scheme to improve the line current distortion of power factor corrector (PFC) topology at the zero crossing point using a predictive control algorithm in both the continuous conduction mode (CCM) and discontinuous conduction mode (DCM). The line current in single-phase PFC topology is distorted at the zero crossing point of the input AC voltage because of the characteristic of the general proportional integral (PI) current controller. This distortion degrades the line current quality, such as the total harmonic distortion (THD) and the power factor (PF). Given the optimal duty cycle calculated by estimating the next state current in both the CCM and DCM, the proposed predictive control algorithm has a fast dynamic response and accuracy unlike the conventional PI current control method. These advantages of the proposed algorithm lower the line current distortion of PFC topology. The proposed method is verified through PSIM simulations and experimental results with 1.5 kW bridgeless PFC (BLPFC) topology.
This paper describes a new calibration system developed at INMETRO to guarantee traceability of low-frequency alternating current (ac) voltage calibrations (<1 kHz) to a programmable Josephson ac waveform synthesizer. The automated full-synchronous system allows the synchronization of a commercial calibrator or signal synthesizer with a programmable Josephson voltage synthesizer system to be made by employing digital sampling and signal processing techniques, aided by adaptive digital control. It allows accurate determination of the spectral content of ac signals with minimum human intervention. System operation, measurement techniques, and data analysis are detailed.
The ac impedance spectroscopy measurements are predominantly taken by using impedance analyzers based on analog auto-balancing bridge. However, those bench-top analyzers are generally complicated, bulky and expensive, thus limiting their usage in industrial field applications. This paper presents the development of a compact wideband precision measurement system based on digital auto-balancing bridge. The methods of digital auto-balancing bridge and digital lock-in amplifier are analyzed theoretically. The overall design and several key sections including null detector, direct digital synthesizer-based sampling clock, and digital control unit are introduced in detail. The results show that the system achieves a basic measurement accuracy of 0.05% with a frequency range of 20 Hz-2 MHz. The advantages of versatile measurement capacity, fast measurement speed, small size and low cost make it quite suitable for industrial field applications. It is demonstrated that this system is practical and effective by applying in determining the impedance-temperature characteristic of a motor starter PTC thermistor.
In many low-to-mid power applications, critical mode boost power factor corrector converters are widely used because of its low switching loss and simple control. However, near the zero crossing of the input line voltage, an input current distortion and a low power factor are caused by delayed switching period and negative input currents. Generally, an additional on-time method according to the input voltage is used to compensate the input current distortion. However, a detailed quantitative analysis for the exact additional on time has not been studied till now. In this paper, the explicit form of the optimized additional on time has been obtained using a quantitative analysis and the advantage of the digital control. From a state trajectory and "net input charge" analysis, it is shown that the optimized on time should be related to not only the input voltage, but also the output power. Also, in order to improve the efficiency in a high input and light load condition, circulating currents are reduced in the inevitable dead angle with a gate turning-off technique. By using digital control, the optimized additional on time and the gate turn-off technique have been implemented with the 90-230 V-rms input and 380 V/200 W output prototype.
Capacitor current feedback active damping is extensively used in grid-connected converters with an LCL filter. However, systems tends to become unstable when the digital control delay is taken into account, especially in low switching frequencies. This paper discusses this issue by deriving a discrete model with a digital control delay and by presenting the stable region of an active damping loop from high to low switching frequencies. In order to overcome the disadvantage of capacitor current feedback active damping, this paper proposes a modified approach using grid current and converter current for feedback. This can expand the stable region and provide sufficient active damping whether in high or low switching frequencies. By applying the modified approach, the active damping loop can be simplified from fourth-order into second-order, and the design of the grid current loop can be simplified. The modified approach can work well when the grid impedance varies. Both the active damping performance and the dynamic performance of the current loop are verified by simulations and experimental results.
This study presents a K-band differential voltage-controlled oscillator (VCO) with robust start-up. A hybrid technique that combines open-loop digitally controlled tail current with switchable auxiliary cross-coupled pairs (ACCPs) is proposed to ensure robust start-up for wideband operation. Compared with prior closed-loop current controlling method, the proposed technique does not suffer from phase-noise degradation. Furthermore, by evenly distributing the ACCPs, transistors with smaller size are allowed to achieve the same start-up condition, which leads to frequency boost and phase-noise improvement. Implemented in 0.18 m complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor technology, the VCO achieves a wide-frequency tuning range of 21.4-26.29 GHz (20.5%) and a low phase noise of -108.8 dBc/Hz at 1 MHz offset from 25.8 GHz carrier frequency. At 1.1 V power supply, the power consumption of the core circuit is 7.9-11.4 mW across the entire output frequency range.
The main goal of radiotherapy is to destroy the tumor while minimizing harm to nearby healthy tissue. Advances in the digital control have enabled planning and performing accurate treatments. However, todays technology is unable to compensate respiration induced motion, and therefore, ensure sufficient precision. One of the tasks in compensating respiratory motion is predicting position of the functional target ( tumor) from an external marker during fraction. Performance of techniques, such as Pearson correlation, Gaussian filters, Fourries transformation, cross correlation, linear interpolation and partial-least squares, still leave plenty space for the improvement. We reports results of work in progress, i.e. experiments of applying different types of regressions to predict motion of functional target from different external markers. Results seem to be promising in most of the cases.
The reported digital thermionic emission current controllers use floating voltage sources which produce noise current and consequently decrease the quality of an electron beam. The implementation of digital control in an electron source biasing system without floating sources gives the average value of the electron emission current standard deviation of 0.015%. The described controller has been developed in order to investigate the properties of new hot-emitters.
This paper presents a reference modification model digitally controlled dc-dc converter. The proposed method is able to obtain superior transient response because it modifies a reference of conventional feedback loop against the change of output voltage. The modifying process operates only in the transient state. During the steady state, the feedforward control cancels a steady-state-error. Since the feedforward control uses the load current value, this paper discusses two current-sensing methods. One is the output current-sensing method using the sensing resistor, and the reactor current-sensing method using the R-C filter is discussed in order to reduce a performance loss by the sensing resistor. As a result, the output current-sensing method is effective in case that high-transient-response performance is required. On the other hand, it is better to use the reactor current-sensing method when efficiency is important.
The discrete-time robust disturbance attenuation problem for the n-degrees of freedom (dof) mechanical systems with uncertain energy function is considered in this paper. First, it is shown in the continuous time-setting that the robust control problem of n-dof mechanical systems can be reduced to a disturbance attenuation problem when a specific type of control rule is used. Afterwards, the robust disturbance attenuation problem is formulised as a special disturbance attenuation problem. Then, the discrete-time counterpart of this problem characterised by means of L-2 gain is given. Finally, a solution of the problem via direct-discrete-time design is presented as a sufficient condition. The proposed discrete-time design utilizes discrete gradient of the energy function of considered system. Therefore, a new method is also proposed using the quadratic approximation lemma to construct discrete gradients for general energy functions. The proposed direct-discrete-time design method is used to solve the robust disturbance attenuation problem for the double pendulum system. Simulation results are given for the discrete gradient obtained with the method presented in this paper. Note that the solution presented here for the robust disturbance attenuation problem give an explicit algebraic condition on the design parameter, whereas solution of the same problem requires solving a Hamilton-Jacobi-Isaacs partial differential inequality in general nonlinear systems.
This paper analyzes first the stability of single-loop digital voltage control scheme for the LC-filtered voltage source inverters. It turns out that the phase lag, caused by the time delay of digital control system and by the use of integral controller, can stabilize the voltage loop without damping of LC-filter resonance. The stability regions are then identified with alternative voltage controller synthesized. For further widening the stability region, an active damping approach is proposed and co-designed with the voltage controller in the discrete z-domain. Simulations and experimental results of both 50-Hz and 400-Hz systems validate the theoretical analyses and the performance of the approach.
The aim of this paper, is to propose a solution for the model adequacy verification in indirect adaptive control beside the classical known validation tests. The dynamic system that was selected to verify the proposed solution, is represented by a flexible transmission described by a complex four order model. Using the selected model adequacy index, it is studied the influence of the SPAB signal and perturbation amplitude on the model adequacy and control solution, for two different tracking performances selections. The proposed solution, comes to overcome the model validation problems encountered in real-time applications, with the main advantage of improving the model identification and control solutions.
To improve the constant output voltage accuracy of primary-side controlled flyback converter, this study described a digital control scheme based on accurate sampling and cable voltage drop compensation. The voltage drops of output diode and the cable were analysed first, they were two most important factors that influence the accuracy of output voltage. Then, an accurate sampling method that can eliminate the voltage drop of the output diode was proposed. With output current estimating and digital resistance capacitance (RC) filter, the compensation of cable voltage drop was also designed. Finally, the software simulation and prototype test results verified the proposed scheme, and the constant voltage accuracy of the prototype achieved -0.6 approximate to +0.6%.
This paper presents a technique for reducing the input current ripple on multiphase power converters that provide multiple heterogeneous power supply rails, such as those present in portable electronics and computers. Through asymmetric interleaving of individual phases, the input current ripple can be reduced compared to conventional interleaving. The technique is derived based on an analytic description of the relevant current waveforms. Practical requirements of a digital control implementation of the proposed technique are analyzed, and its possible performance improvement is quantified through simulations and experimental results. With the proposed technique, close to a 3x reduction in input current ripple, compared to conventional methods, is demonstrated using an experimental prototype comprising a microcontroller that controls a multiphase 180 nm CMOS power management IC.
This paper proposes a new phase current reconstruction technique for interleaved three-phase bidirectional dc-dc converters using a single current sensor. In the proposed current reconstruction algorithm, a single current sensor is employed at the dc-link, and the dc-link current information is sampled at either the peak or valley point of the pulse-width modulation (PWM) carriers regularly. From the obtained current information, all phase currents are reconstructed in a single PWM cycle. After that, the digital current controller is applied to achieve current balancing in each phase. Compare to the previous multiple current sensor method, the proposed strategy reduces the number of the current sensors in the interleaved three-phase bidirectional converter as well as reducing potential current sensing error caused by non-ideal characteristics of the multiple current sensors. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified from the experiments based on a 3kW three-phase bidirectional converter prototype for the automotive battery charging application.
The proof of principle of an acquisition system of +/-50ppm repeatability, 10 V range, real-time delay less than 1.2 its is presented. The system will be integrated into the digital control loop of a high -voltage modulator under design at ETH Zurich and University of Laval for the new particle accelerator under study at CERN, the Compact LInear Collider (CLIC). Initial specifications are presented and translated into system requirements. Main design choices are discussed and Pspice simulation results are reported to prove that the proposed system meets the demanding requirements.
Particle accelerators consist of an enormous number of components and many of them operate with pulse voltage or current. Such accelerator components require precise voltage or current to keep the beams very stable. For this reason, many pulse power supplies used for accelerators have own subsystems to improve their performances. One example is a power supply for the scanning magnets of a pencil beam proton therapy. They use not only high-voltage inverters for the high-speed ramping but also low-voltage inverters for the precise current control. However, the use of intelligent digital controllers possibly simplifies such precise power supplies. We propose a method for precise current control using a digital control system. Our previous work has successfully controlled the pulse current of power supplies for synchrotron main magnets. In the next step, we have modified our previous method for faster power supplies such as ones for scanning magnets. In addition, we developed a control board using a high-performance FPGA so that our method can be implemented in the board. In this paper, we describe the details of our proposed method, and the experiments using a small-scale power supply and the developed control board.
This paper presents a digital Active Gate Drive (AGD) methodology for power semiconductor devices. The inherent latency limitation of digital signal processing systems is addressed by a sequential optimization procedure that uses voltage and current signals recorded at the previous switching edge to develop an optimized gate drive waveform for the next switching edge. Experimental results using a half-bridge circuit operating at 180 V/100 A show that the proposed scheme is capable of minimizing switching losses whilst constraining the overvoltage peaks occurring at turn-on and turn-off to as low as 200 V and 300 V respectively.
Fault detection in induction machines is commonly realized through motor current signature analysis. In case of Wound-Rotor Induction Machine rotor faults, the amplitude of the inverse sequence harmonic component -sf of the rotor current space-vector is monitored in order to sense its variation. However, motor current signature analysis is limited by some drawbacks. In fact, under transient operating conditions an efficient Fast Fourier Transform cannot be made, since slip or frequency vary, and so the amplitude of the harmonic component -sf. In this paper, a new technique based on the Square Current Space-vector Signature Analysis (SCSSA) is proposed for rotor fault detection in Wound-Rotor Induction Machines operating under time-varying conditions. The performance of the proposed approach is confirmed by simulation and experimental results. The proposed technique can be easily embedded in the digital control system for modern wind power plants.
Bunch charge variations in Free Electron Lasers such as the Free Electron Laser in Hamburg (FLASH) or the European X-Ray Free Electron Laser (E-XFEL) impacts the longitudinal phase space distribution of the electrons resulting in different bunch peak currents, pulse duration and pulse shapes. The electron bunches are generated by short ultraviolet laser pulses impinging onto a photocathode inside a radio frequency (RF) accelerating cavity. At FLASH, bursts of bunches up to 800 pulses with an intra train repetition rate of 1 MHz are used and even higher repetition rates for the E-XFEL (up to 4.5 Mhz) are planned. Charge variations along these bunch-trains can be caused by variations of the laser pulse energies, instabilities of the accelerating fields in the RF cavity and time dependent effects in the photoemission process. To improve the intra bunch-train charge flatness and to compensate train-to-train fluctuations a dedicated digital control system, based on the Micro Telecommunication Computing Architecture (MicroTCA.4) standard, was designed, implemented and successfully tested at the FLASH. The system consists of a bunch charge detection module which analyzes data from toroid system and provides the input signal for the controller which drives a fast UV-Pockels Cell installed in the optical path of the photo-cathode laser. The Pockels cell alters the laser polarization and thus the transmission through a polarizer. The modulation of UV laser pulse energy with an iterative learning feed-forward minimizing the repetitive errors from bunch-train to bunch-train and a fast feedback algorithm implemented in a Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) allows for fast tuning of bunch charge inside the bunch-train. In this paper a detailed description of the system and first measurement results are presented.
Silicon RF power amplifiers (PAs) are in various RF front end modules (FEMs) today for handset and WLAN applications. Even though III-V semiconductor-based RF PAs can still offer superior frequency and breakdown performance with higher POUT and power-added-efficiency (PAE) and faster time-to-market, silicon-based RF PAs do have the advantages in offering higher monolithic integration with added functionalities (e.g., on-chip digital control and selection on power level, modulation, frequency band, matching, predistortion, etc.), which can translate to lower cost and smaller sizes attractive for broadband multi-mode multi-band handset transmitters. Therefore, some key techniques for designing high-efficiency 4G/5G/WLAN broadband wireless silicon PAs will be discussed.
This paper discusses a discrete-time loop shaping algorithm for servo enhancement at multiple wide frequency bands. Such design considerations are motivated by a large class of practical control problems such as vibration rejection, active noise control, and periodical reference tracking; as well as recent novel challenges that demand new design in the servo technologies. A pseudo Youla-Kucera parameterization scheme is proposed using the inverse system model to bring enhanced control at selected local frequency regions. Design methodologies are created to control the waterbed amplifications that come from the fundamental limitations of feedback control. Finally, simulation and experimental verification are conducted in precision control and semiconductor manufacturing. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper presents the in vivo performances of a resource-optimized digital action potential (AP) detector featuring an adaptive threshold based on a new Sigma-delta control loop. The proposed AP detector is optimized for utilizing low hardware resources, which makes it suitable for real-time implementation on most common low-power microcontroller units (MCC). The adaptive threshold is calculated using a digital control loop based on a Sigma-delta modulator that precisely estimates the standard deviation of the neuronal signal amplitude. The detector was demonstrated using a common MCC from MSP430 family, incorporated into a small wireless platform for combined optogenetics and neural recording. The system has been fully characterized experimentally within in vivo experiments on a freely-moving transgenic mouse expressing ChannelRhodospin (Thyl::ChR2-YFP line4). The results demonstrate that the proposed AP detector can be used to achieve overall data reduction ratios above 11 when transmitting only the detected APs. A comparison of the obtained results with other thresholding approaches shows that the proposed detector provides similar performances to those significantly more resource demanding approaches.
This paper presents the design of a digital control strategy for a dc-dc type Buck converter used as an efficient lead acid battery charger in isolated electric, photovoltaic systems. The strategy is designed to be implemented in a digital signal processor (DSP). The control acts depending on the state of charge of the batteries by regulating the drive duty cycle with the proper combination of incremental conductance MPPT technique and precise control of the battery current according to three charging stages, providing a joint solution which on one hand maximizes the production of solar energy available in the PV array, and on the other ensures a long battery lifetime, both aspects, which are generally investigated independently in technical literature, are treated simultaneously in our approach. The work explains in detail the converter modeling, the project of the compensator, as well as the development of MPPT used. Validation simulations are done via Matlab and experimental results from a prototype low power TMS320F2812 using a DSP from Texas Instruments, are provided and discussed, which show satisfactory performance of the proposed control system. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper introduces a high-frequency soft-switching pulse-width modulation DC-DC power converter with secondary active rectifier tested as a DC current source for arc welding applications. The soft-switching DC-DC converter consists of a high-frequency full-bridge inverter, high-frequency power transformer, and a controlled output rectifier with new secondary energy recovery turn-off snubber. Circulating currents in the converter are reduced by using active rectifier, and RMS values of the currents in primary and secondary switches are decreased by utilizing a novel control algorithm. The experimental results of a 4.5kW DC-DC converter working at switching frequency of 100kHz are presented.
The impedance-based model of doubly fed induction generator (DFIG) systems, including the rotor part (rotor side converter (RSC) and induction machine), and the grid part (grid side converter (GSC) and its output filter), has been developed for analysis and mitigation of the subsynchronous resonance (SSR). However, the high-frequency resonance (HFR) of DFIG systems due to the impedance interaction between the DFIG system and parallel compensated weak network is often overlooked. This paper, thus, investigates the impedance characteristics of DFIG systems for the analysis of HFR. The influences of the rotor speed variation, the machine mutual inductance and the digital control delay are evaluated. Two resonances phenomena are revealed, i.e., 1) the series HFR between the DFIG system and weak power grid; 2) the parallel HFR between the rotor part and the grid part of DFIG system. The impedance modeling of DFIG system and weak grid network, as well as the series HFR between DFIG system and parallel compensated weak network has been validated by experimental results.
The principle of a diode neutral point clamped three-phase three-level inverter with neutral line was analyzed, and the mathematical model of the main circuit is established on the basis of the operation principle. The oversample and multi-time calculation control strategy was proposed to reduce the typical delay in digital control and improve the system calculation accuracy, lower the inverter output voltage THD. In order to further improve the inverter output voltage waveform, the logic external execution was also proposed. The proposed control method was verified on a 20kVA inverter controlled by microchip processor IC30F5015 DSP. The experiment results indicated that the THD of the inverter output voltage is decreased considerably.
We prepared total RNA from the Gram-positive soil bacterium Bacillus subtilis by different RNA extraction procedures to compare their suitability for Northern blot detection of tiny RNAs (similar to 14-mers) or RNAs of intermediate size (100-200 nt) in terms of signal quality, intensity, and reproducibility. Our analysis included two hot phenol methods and two TRIzol extraction procedures. We found that signal intensity/detection sensitivity makes the key difference. Total RNAs prepared by the hot phenol method comprise the length spectrum from tRNAs to large ribosomal RNAs. Larger RNAs are less abundant in TRIzol preparations which instead enrich for RNAs of tRNA size and smaller. Thus, hot phenol methods are the choice for the detection of intermediate-sized and longer RNAs, whereas TRIzol extraction procedures are more suited for the detection of tiny RNAs.
An amphioxus cDNA, AmphiGM2AP, encoding GM2 activator protein was isolated from the gut cDNA library of Branchiostoma belcheri. It is 907 by long, and its longest open reading frame codes for a precursor protein consisting of 242 amino acid residues with a signal peptide of 14 amino acids. The deduced amino acid sequence includes a conserved domain typical of GM2APs between residues 53 and 224, a single N-linked glycosylation site at position 65 and 8 conserved cysteines. Phylogenetic analysis showed that amphiGM2AP forms a club together with invertebrate GM2APs, indicating that AmphiGM2AP is evolutionarily closely related to invertebrate GM2APs rather than vertebrate ones. Both Northern blotting and in situ hybridization histochemistry analyses revealed a tissue-specific expression pattern of AmphiGM2AP in adult amphioxus with the strongest expression in the digestive system, which is in contrast to the widespread expression pattern of human, mouse and sheep GM2AP genes. It is suggested that AmphiGM2AP is possibly involved in the take-in of digested food components like lipid molecules.
Rationale: Cigarette smoke extract inhibits chloride secretion in human bronchial epithelial cells. Oxidants decrease gene expression, protein expression, and function of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR). Objectives: Because cigarette smoke is a rich source of oxidants, we verified the hypothesis that CFTR may be suppressed by exposure to cigarette smoke in vitro and in vivo. Methods: The effects of cigarette smoke exposure on Calu-3 and T84 cell CFTR expression and function were observed. Also studied were the nasal potential differences (PDs) in 26 men (9 smokers, 17 nonsmokers) who had no detectable CFTR gene mutations as determined during investigations for infertility. CFTR expression and function were determined by Northern blotting, Western blotting, and cAMP-dependent I-125 efflux assays. Extensive CFTR genotyping was performed in each subject. Nasal PD measurements were made at baseline and during amiloride, chloride-free buffer, and isoproterenol perfusions. Main Results: Cigarette smoke decreased CFTR expression and function in Calu-3 and T84 cell lines. Furthermore, the nasal PDs of cigarette smokers showed a pattern typical of CFTR deficiency with a blunted response to chloride-free buffer and isoproterenol compared with nonsmokers (-9.6 +/- 4.0 vs. -22.3 +/- 10.1 mV; p < 0.001). Conclusions: We conclude that cigarette smoke decreases the expression of CFTR gene, protein, and function in vitro and that acquired CFTR deficiency occurs in the nasal respiratory epithelium of cigarette smokers. We suggest that acquired CFTR deficiency may contribute to the physiopathology of cigarette-induced diseases such as chronic bronchitis.
Striated muscles exhibit a wide range of metabolic activity levels. Heart and diaphragm are muscles with continuous contractile performance, which requires life-long function. In contrast, skeletal muscles like longissimus muscle can adapt metabolism from resting to different stages of exercise. The aim of this study was to compare the morphological features of these three muscles and the expression of genes that are important for energy metabolism. Therefore, histochemical studies were performed for determination of muscle fibre type composition. Oxidative and glycolytic capacity was assessed by measuring isocitrate dehydrogenase (ICDH) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activities. The mRNA expression of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT 4), growth hormone receptor (GHR) and AMP-activated kinase (AMPK) alpha(1) and alpha(2) subunits was studied by semiquantitative Northern blotting. Heart, and to a slightly lesser extent diaphragm were highly oxidative muscles characterised by high expression of oxidative muscle fibres and ICDH activity. Longissimus muscle exhibited the highest percentage of glycolytic fibres and LDH activity. GLUT 4 mRNA was lowest in heart reflecting the dependency of heart muscle on fatty acids as major energy source. Higher expression of GLUT 4 in diaphragm indicated that glucose is an important energy substrate in this oxidative muscle. Highest GLUT 4 expression in longissimus should be essential for the refilling of glycogen stores after exercise. AMPK subunits, which are important stimulators of GLUT 4 protein insertion into the sarcolemma, are also highest expressed in longissimus muscle indicating the strong capacity to adapt energy metabolism to large changes in energy demand. Interestingly, AMPK alpha(1) subunit expression on protein level is strongly restricted to muscle fibres containing type I myosin in this muscle. GHR mRNA expression was also highest in longissimus muscle indicating that an enhanced effect of growth hormone, which is described to be diabetogenic, could be involved in the lower insulin sensitivity of glycolytic muscles.
Overlapping sense/antisense RNAs transcribed in opposite directions from the same genomic locus are common in vertebrates. The impact of antisense transcription on gene regulation and cell biology is largely unknown. We show that sense/antisense RNAs of an evolutionarily conserved phosphate transporter gene (Slc34a2a) are coexpressed in a short time window during embryonic development of zebrafish at 48 hours postfertilization (hpf). To address the mechanism by which coexpressed sense/antisense transcripts are processed, we injected sense/antisense RNAs in various combinations into Xenopus oocytes. In the cytoplasm RNAs were stable in whatever combination expressed. In the nucleus coinjected sense/antisense transcripts were degraded into short RNAs of similar to 23 bases within 4 h. A homologous transcript from toad or another isoform (Slc34a2b) from zebrafish failed to trigger processing. In oocytes that were primed with nuclear sense/antisense RNA coinjections, a reporter RNA was rapidly degraded. We produced evidence that the observed processing of complementary transcripts was not restricted to Xenopus oocytes, because Slc34a-related short RNAs were detected in zebrafish embryos by Northern blotting. Signals were observed at stages that showed coexpression of sense/antisense transcripts. Remarkably, strand-specific probes revealed that the orientation of short RNAs was developmentally regulated. In addition, RNA from zebrafish embryos 48 hpf was able to induce degradation of reporter constructs in Xenopus oocytes. Our findings may give important clues to understanding the physiological role of the widespread antisense transcription.
Microarrays can quantitatively measure the expression of thousands of genes simultaneously but they are also powerful tools to examine the expression of specific genes in different tissues and cell types. They complement other methods used to detect gene expression at the transcript level, including Northern blotting and RT-PCR. This study uses oligonucleotide microarray expression profiling to compare maize beta-tubulin (tub) gene expression at the transcript level in different tissues and during various stages of development and adds to what is known about maize beta-tubulin expression. In maize, at least nine beta-tubulin genes are expressed. The presence of multiple tub genes suggests that some could have evolved to provide fine control of expression or even have distinct biological or physiological properties in the plant. This is supported by the differential expression at the transcript level of the maize beta-tubulins in different tissues during development. The following work has added evidence of maize beta-tubulin gene differential expression and regulation. Based oil microarray data, some beta-tubulins exhibit statistically significant differences in transcript abundance in 11-day old seedling shoots, immature ears, 19-DAP embryos, 13-DAP endosperm and 19-DAP endosperm. There are also different expression patterns for many of the tubulin genes within the tissues Studied. As the plant develops it may use beta-tubulins in different amounts in specific tissues, and these tubulins may even interact differently with other proteins present at these developmental stages. In immature ears, tub1 and tub2 have higher transcript abundances. Comparisons of expression patterns indicate that tub3 and tub4 have very similar expression patterns, which may be a result of similar transcriptional regulation. The highest transcript abundance of these two genes occurs in developing seedling shoots. tub3 and tub4 transcripts have also been detected for the first time in maize endosperm. This chapter describes a variety of methods for array analysis of tubulin gene expression as well as important considerations before taking oil this type of work.
The ability to escape apoptosis is a hallmark of cancer-initiating cells and a key factor of resistance to oncolytic therapy. Here, we identify FAM96A as a ubiquitous, evolutionarily conserved apoptosome-activating protein and investigate its potential pro-apoptotic tumor suppressor function in gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs). Interaction between FAM96A and apoptotic peptidase activating factor 1 (APAF1) was identified in yeast two-hybrid screen and further studied by deletion mutants, glutathione-S-transferase pull-down, co-immunoprecipitation and immunofluorescence. Effects of FAM96A overexpression and knock-down on apoptosis sensitivity were examined in cancer cells and zebrafish embryos. Expression of FAM96A in GISTs and histogenetically related cells including interstitial cells of Cajal (ICCs), fibroblast-like cells (FLCs) and ICC stem cells (ICC-SCs) was investigated by Northern blotting, reverse transcriptionpolymerase chain reaction, immunohistochemistry and Western immunoblotting. Tumorigenicity of GIST cells and transformed murine ICC-SCs stably transduced to re-express FAM96A was studied by xeno- and allografting into immunocompromised mice. FAM96A was found to bind APAF1 and to enhance the induction of mitochondrial apoptosis. FAM96A protein or mRNA was dramatically reduced or lost in 106 of 108 GIST samples representing three independent patient cohorts. Whereas ICCs, ICC-SCs and FLCs, the presumed normal counterparts of GIST, were found to robustly express FAM96A protein and mRNA, FAM96A expression was much reduced in tumorigenic ICC-SCs. Re-expression of FAM96A in GIST cells and transformed ICC-SCs increased apoptosis sensitivity and diminished tumorigenicity. Our data suggest FAM96A is a novel pro-apoptotic tumor suppressor that is lost during GIST tumorigenesis. What's new? The emergence of drug resistance is a major problem in gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs), where tumor cell escape appears in many instances to be associated with acquired resistance to apoptosis. Here, a protein known as FAM96A was found to bind to apoptotic peptidase activating factor 1 (APAF1) and to be profoundly reduced in most GISTs. When FAM96A expression was re-established in cells, tumor sensitivity to apoptosis increased. In xenograft and allograft murine models, tumor growth slowed with FAM96A re-expression. Hence, FAM96A may have a tumor-suppressive role in GISTs. Knowledge of its function could aid the development of novel GIST therapies.
Adding ethidium bromide (EtBr) at low concentrations to RNA samples before running formaldehyde-agarose gels affords the advantages of checking RNA integrity and evaluating the quality of size-separation at any time during electrophoresis or immediately after either electrophoresis or blotted the separated RNA onto the membrane without significantly compromising mobility, transfer, or hybridization. In this study, we systematically examined the factors that affect the sensitivity of RNA prestaining by heating RNA samples that include EtBr before electrophoresis under different denaturation conditions. We also examined the efficiency of the hybridization of EtBr-prestained RNA with heterologous DNA probes. The results showed that the fluorescent intensity of EtBr-prestained RNA was affected not only by the EtBr concentration as previously reported but also by the RNA amount, denaturation time, and denaturation temperature. Prior staining of RNA with 40 mu g/mL EtBr significantly decreased the efficiency of Northern blot hybridization with heterologous DNA probes. We propose that to best combine staining sensitivity and the efficiency of Northern blot hybridization with heterologous DNA probes, the concentration of EtBr used to prestain RNA should not exceed 30 mu g/mL. The efficiency of the hybridization of EtBr-prestained RNA was affected not only by factors that affect staining sensitivity but also by the type of probe used.
By differential high-throughput RNA sequencing (dRNA-seq) we have identified "product RNAs" (pRNAs) as short as 8-12 nucleotides that are synthesized by Bacillus subtilis RNA polymerase (RNAP) in vivo using the regulatory 6S-1 RNA as template. The dRNA-seq data were confirmed by in vitro transcription experiments and northern blotting. In our libraries, we were unable to detect statistically meaningful numbers of reads potentially representing pRNAs derived from 6S-2 RNA. However, pRNAs could be synthesized in vitro from 6S-2 RNA as template by the B. subtilis sigma(A) RNAP. 6S-1 pRNA levels are low during exponential, increase in stationary and burst during outgrowth from stationary phase, demonstrating that pRNA synthesis is a conserved regulatory mechanism, but a more dynamic and fine-tuning process than previously thought. Most pRNAs have a length of 8-15 nt, very few up to 24 nt. The average length of pRNAs tended to increase from stationary to outgrowth conditions. Synthesis of pRNA is initiated at C40 of 6S-1 RNA and U41 of 6S-2 RNA, yielding pRNAs with a 5'-terminal G or A residue, respectively. A B. subtilis 6S-1 RNA mutant strain encoding a pRNA with a 5'-terminal A residue showed the same relative distribution of similar to 14-nt pRNAs between the different growth states, but generally displayed lower pRNA levels than the reference strain encoding wild-type 6S-1 RNA. A similar to two-fold lower affinity of the C40U mutant 6S-1 RNA towards sigma(A) RNAP may have contributed to this reduction in pRNA levels. We infer that 6S-1 pRNA synthesis, although evolutionarily optimized for initiation with a + 1G residue, is not primarily regulated at the transcription initiation level via growth phase-dependent variations in the cellular GTP pool.
Aim: To explore the microRNA (miRNA) expression in renal clear cell carcinoma (RCCC). Methods: We compared the miRNA expression profiles in 11 pairs of RCCC and adjacent nontumorous tissue (NT) from 11 RCCC patients, using a mammalian miRNA microarray containing whole human mature and precursor miRNA sequences. To verify microarray results, Northern blotting was carried out on 5 randomly selected miRNAs. Results: Totally 81 miRNAs were identified valid expression in RCCC samples, 48 of which specifically detected in RCCC samples, 17 of which detected downregulated in RCCC compared to NT sample, 2 upregulated and 14 without significant difference. MiRNAs in RCCC tissues exhibit an overall higher expression level than NT tissue. The chip results were confirmed by northern blot analysis. Conclusion: Our study may help to clarify the molecular mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of RCCC, and miRNAs potentially serve as a novel diagnostic biomarker of RCCC. Crown Copyright (C) 2009 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Exposure of watermelon fruit to ethylene leads to acute placental-tissue softening and watersoaking. mRNA differential display strategy was utilized to isolate and characterize genes associated with development of the disorder. Watermelon fruit were harvested at the full-ripe stage and exposed to 50 mu LL-1 ethylene for 12 h, and 1, 3, and 6 d at 20 degrees C. DNA-free total RNA (0.2 mu g) isolated from fruit treated with air or ethylene for 12 h was reverse transcribed using three different one-base-anchored oligo dT primers. High stringency PCR was performed using eight different 13-mer arbitrary primers in combination with the fluorescent-labeled one-base-anchored oligo dT primers. The PCR fluorescent-labeled products were separated-on a 6% polyacrylamide sequencing gel and differentially expressed bands were isolated. Confirmation of true positive bands was performed by reverse northern blotting. Comparison of mRNA profiles of ethylene- and air-treated fruit revealed that 78 genes were differentially expressed, of which 15 partial cDNAs were isolated and characterized. BLAST search results revealed significant homologies to ethylene biosynthesis and signal transduction pathway genes, lipid-metabolizing enzymes, proteins involved in plant defense responses, radical scavenging enzymes, exonucleases, and expansins. Northern blot analysis of RNA isolated from air- and ethylene-treated fruit stored for 1, 3, and 6d revealed an ethylene-dependent expression pattern of all corresponding genes. The data indicate that ethylene treatment of watermelon fruit results in a rapid up-regulation of oxidative and hydrolytic enzymes. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Pneumocystis carinii (Pc) adhesion to alveolar epithelial cells is well established and is thought to be a prerequisite for the initiation of Pneumocystis pneumonia. Pc binding events occur in part through the major Pc surface glycoprotein Msg, as well as an integrin-like molecule termed PcInt1. Recent data from the Pc sequencing project also demonstrate DNA sequences homologous to other genes important in Candida spp. binding to mammalian host cells, as well as organism binding to polystyrene surfaces and in biofilm formation. One of these genes, flo8, a transcription factor needed for downstream cAMP/PKA-pathway-mediated activation of the major adhesion/flocculin Flo11 in yeast, was cloned from a Pc cDNA library utilizing a partial sequence available in the Pc genome database. A CHEF blot of Pc genomic DNA yielded a single band providing evidence this gene is present in the organism. BLASTP analysis of the predicted protein demonstrated 41 % homology to the Saccharomyces cerevisiae Flo8. Northern blotting demonstrated greatest expression at pH 6.0-8.0, pH comparable to reported fungal biofilm milieu. Western blot and immunoprecipitation assays of PcFlo8 protein in isolated cyst and tropic life forms confirmed the presence of the cognate protein in these Pc life forms. Heterologous expression of Pcflo8 cDNA in flo8 Delta-deficient yeast strains demonstrated that the Pcflo8 was able to restore yeast binding to polystyrene and invasive growth of yeast flo8 Delta cells. Furthermore, Pcflo8 promoted yeast binding to HEK293 human epithelial cells, strengthening its functional classification as a Flo8 transcription factor. Taken together, these data suggest that PcFlo8 is expressed by Pc and may exert activity in organism adhesion and biofilm formation.
In the present study, we reveal for the first time that the Bactrocera oleae chorion peroxidase (bPxd) participates essentially in B. oleaechorion formation and clearly represents the homologous member of Drosophila melanogaster chorion peroxidase (Pxd). Comparative sequence analysis disclosed that the bPxd cDNA semi-central region,which encodes for the putative catalytic domain of the enzyme, exhibits great homology (98%) with its Pxd counterpart. Thus, it is very likely that bPxd is highly responsible for the chorion hardening process, through protein cross-linking mediated by the formation of di- and tri-tyrosine bonds. Distinct molecular weight bPxd RNA transcripts were detected in Northern blotting analysis of total RNA extracts of adult flies (2.9 and 1.7 kb) and ovaries (2.2 kb). The ovarian-specific bPxd RNA transcript is selectively expressed in the follicle cell layer during the late stages of oogenesis 12-14, as revealed by in situ hybridization. Moreover, reverse transcription reactions confirmed the stage-specific developmental regulation of the bPxd gene, which is maximally expressed during stage 13. Western blotting with the rabbit anti-rAePO polyclonal antibody revealed three immunoreactive bands of 76, 66 and 54 kDa in crude protein extracts from adult flies, while in larva and purified chorion preparations, a unique 54 kDa band was clearly detected. Immunolocalization experiments revealed that bPxd peroxidase constitutes an essential structural chorionic component, being abundantly localized in all the successive chorionic layers and vitelline membrane as well.
A nifU-Iike gene exhibiting similarity to nifU of nitrogen fixation gene cluster was identified for the first time from the gut cDNA library of amphioxus Branchiostoma belcheri. Both RT-PCR and Northern blotting as well as in situ hybridization histochemistry verified that the cDNA represents an amphioxus nifU-Iike gene rather than a microbial contaminant. The nifU-like gene encodes a protein of 164 amino acid residues including a highly conserved U-type motif (C-X-26-C-X-43-C), and shares 66-86% identity to NifU-like proteins from a variety of species including vertebrates, invertebrates and microbes. It is expressed in a tissue-specific manner in the digestive system including epipharyngeal groove, endostyle, hepatic caecum and hind-gut and in the gill, ovary and testis. Taken together, it is highly likely that NifU-like protein plays some tissue-dependent and critical role in amphioxus.
Intestinal subepithelial myofibroblasts (SEMFs) is a specific population of cells involved in intestinal inflammation and carcinogenesis via an elaborate network of cytokines, chemokines and other inflammatory factors, including PGE2. Sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) has been implicated as an important mediator of inflammation and cancer and in certain cell types increases cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression. In the present study, we aimed to assess involvement of S1P in COX-2 expression by SEMFs. Primary SEMFs were obtained from C57BL/6J mouse and their identity was verified by fluorescent staining of specific marker proteins. Expression of S1P receptors 1, 2, 3 and sphingosine kinases 1 and 2 in SEMFs were determined by RT-PCR analysis. COX-2 expression and PGE2 production were assayed by Western blotting and ELISA, respectively. COX-2 mRNA stability was assayed by Northern blotting. S1P produced dose-dependent increase in COX-2 expression, resulting in increased PGE2 release from SEMFs. Using specific inhibitors, we show that actions of p38, ERK, IKK, and PKC were involved in S1P-induced COX-2 expression. On the other hand, p38 and PKC had lesser roles in IL-1 beta-induced COX-2 expression. Inhibition of sphingosine kinase to block S1P production did not affect IL-1 beta-induced COX-2 expression, but S1P amplified IL-1 beta-induced p38 activation and COX-2 expression. PKC inhibition blocked S1P amplified COX-2 expression. S1P addition increased COX-2 mRNA stability. In SEMFs, S1P amplifies IL-1 beta-induced COX-2 expression through increased mRNA stability. These observations point to involvement of S1P in activation of SEMFs that may contribute to intestinal inflammation and carcinogenesis.
A cysteine protease inhibitor (CPI) with an apparent molecular mass of 11.5 kDa was purified from larval hemolymph of the tobacco hornworm (Manduca sexta) by gel filtration on Sephadex G-50 followed by hydrophobic and ion-exchange column chromatographies. The purified cysteine proteinase inhibitor, denoted as MsCPI, strongly inhibited the plant cysteine protease, papain, with a K-i value of 5.5 x 10(-9)M. Nucleotide sequence analysis of a partial cDNA encoding MsCPI indicated that MsCPI consists of 105 amino acid residues in a sequence that is similar to sarcocystatin A from Sarcophaga peregrina. However, northern blotting and PCR analyses using the specific primers of MsCPI suggested that the mRNA encoding MsCPI had a size of more than 12 kilobases, which included at least six tandemly repeated MsCPI segments. MsCPI was expressed in Escherichia coli and the recombinant protein effectively inhibited cysteine proteases from plants as well as from animals such as cathepsins B (K-i, 6.8 nM), H (3.0 nM), and L (0.87 nM). There was no inhibition exhibited toward trypsin, chymotrypsin, subtilisin, pepsin or themolysin. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Expression of the novel protein tyrosine phosphatase interacting protein 51 (PTPIP51) was investigated on mRNA and protein level in the liver of adult Wistar rats. The presence of PTPIP51 mRNA was detected by Northern blotting. Immunostaining showed expression of PTPIP51 protein in distinct non-parenchymal cells. These cells were identified as Kupffer cells, stellate cells and natural killer cells by detection of cell-specific antigens. Whereas most endothelial cells lining large vessels reacted positive to the PTPIP51 antibody, sinusoidal endothelium showed no detectable amount of PTPIP51. Furthermore, PTPIP51 was also found to be expressed in cells forming the biliary tree. An additional subcellular analysis of the non-parenchymal cells by means of electron microscopy showed the presence of PTPIP51 protein in the cytoplasm and in the nuclei of non-parenchymal cells. Most of the hepatocytes did not show any immuno-detectable amount of PTPIP51, yet, some revealed PTPIP51 protein either in the cytoplasm or in the nucleus.
Pathogenic isolates of Fusarium oxysporum applied on a non-host plant species, as soil-borne nonpathogenic isolates, are able to protect this plant against pathogenic strains inducing wilts. Several modes of action contribute to the biocontrol activity of these protective strains; however the genetic basis of the biocontrol mechanisms is far from being understood. The aim of this study was to identify genes involved in biocontrol activity of F. oxysporum using an original model made of Fom24, a strain protective on tomato and its mutant rev157 which has lost its protective capacity. A Rapid Subtractive Hybridization (RaSH) approach was chosen to identify genes up-regulated in the protective or in the non-protective interaction when germinated conidia of either Fom24 or rev157 are confronted to tomato cell cultures. A total of 86 up-regulated sequences were generated, 42 and 44 from the protective and the non-protective interaction respectively. Homology searches led to identification of both plant and fungal genes that were grouped according to their putative functions. Among plant genes, those involved in plant response to stresses were the most abundant. Expression profiles of genes homolog to a basic endochitinase, a ferredoxine-NADP(H) reductase (FNR), an ATP synthase and the RPM1-interacting protein 4 (RIN4) were confirmed by Northern blotting. A large proportion of fungal sequences were encoding genes of unknown function; among other, those involved in response to oxidative stress and a gene putatively encoding an enolase are the most promising to further study their potential role in the protective interaction between F. oxysporum and tomato. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Background: In cat visual cortex, critical period neuronal plasticity is minimal until approximately 3 postnatal weeks, peaks at 5 weeks, gradually declines to low levels at 20 weeks, and disappears by 1 year of age. Dark rearing slows the entire time course of this critical period, such that at 5 weeks of age, normal cats are more plastic than dark reared cats, whereas at 20 weeks, dark reared cats are more plastic. Thus, a stringent criterion for identifying genes that are important for plasticity in visual cortex is that they show differences in expression between normal and dark reared that are of opposite direction in young versus older animals. Results: The present study reports the identification by differential display PCR of a novel gene, alpha-chimaerin, as a candidate visual cortex critical period plasticity gene that showed bidirectional regulation of expression due to age and dark rearing. Northern blotting confirmed the bidirectional expression and 5'RACE sequencing identified the gene. There are two alternatively-spliced alpha-chimaerin isoforms: alpha 1 and alpha 2. Western blotting extended the evidence for bidirectional regulation of visual cortex alpha-chimaerin isoform expression to protein in cats and mice. alpha 1- and alpha 2-Chimaerin were elevated in dark reared compared to normal visual cortex at the peak of the normal critical period and in normal compared to dark reared visual cortex at the nadir of the normal critical period. Analysis of variance showed a significant interaction in both cats and mice for both alpha-chimaerin isoforms, indicating that the effect of dark rearing depended on age. This differential expression was not found in frontal cortex. Conclusions: Chimaerins are RhoGTPase-activating proteins that are EphA4 effectors and have been implicated in a number of processes including growth cone collapse, axon guidance, dendritic spine development and the formation of corticospinal motor circuits. The present results identify alpha-chimaerin as a candidate molecule for a role in the postnatal critical period of visual cortical plasticity.
A method for determining mRNA half-lives in the polymorphic fungus Candida albicans is described. It employs growth in a defined medium, the inhibition of transcription with thiolutin (10-20 mu g/mL), and quantitative Northern blotting. The method is effective for the A72, SC5314, and CAI-4 strains of C. albicans, and for mRNAs that have a wide variety of decay rates and steady-state abundances. The range of half-lives detected (from 4-168 min) shows that this method is effective for mRNAs with widely varying half-lives. The mRNA decay rates obtained are compared with those for orthologous mRNAs from Saccharomyces cerevisiae. This procedure should work for a broad range of C. albicans strains and can be adapted to other fungal species.
In crustaceans, the fascinating processes of maturation, reproductive molting and carapace coloration are regulated by hydrophobic molecules. Interestingly, most of the molecules are ligands of lipocalin. To understand the role of lipocalin in the aforementioned processes at molecular level, we isolated a cDNA that belongs to the lipocalin family, from a central nervous system cDNA library of Macrobrachium rosenbergii. We monitored the spatial and temporal distributions of the mRNA by using Northern Blotting analysis. Our results demonstrated that this gene expresses abundantly in the subepidermal adipose tissue, while faintly in the hepatopancreas and central nervous system. However, no signal was detected in other tissues including muscle, gill and ovary. Its expression levels in subepidermal adipose tissue during various stages of maturation as well as through the whole molting cycle showed that prawn lipocalin is involved in sexual maturation, as the maximal level was observed just after molt. (C) 2007 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Basement membranes maintain the epithelial phenotype and prevent invasion and metastasis. We hypothesized that expression of basement membrane laminins might be regulated by epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), hallmark of cancer progression. As EMT is mediated by transcription factor Snail, we used oral squamous carcinoma cells obtained from a primary tumor (43A), from its EMT-experienced recurrence (43B) and Snail-transfected 43A cells (43A-SNA) displaying full EMT, as a model to study laminins and their receptors. Northern blotting, immunofluorescence, and immunoprecipitation showed a gradual loss of laminin-511 and its receptor Lutheran from 43A to 43B and 43A-SNA cells. In contrast, neoexpression of laminin alpha 4 mRNA was found congruent with synthesis of laminin-411. Chromatin immunoprecipitation disclosed direct binding of Snail to regions upstream of laminin alpha 5 and alpha 4 genes. Immunofluorescence and immunoprecipitation showed a switch from hemidesmosomal integrin alpha(6)beta(4) to alpha(6)beta(1) and neoexpression of alpha(1)beta(1) in 43A-SNA cells, and upregulation of integrin-linked kinase in both 43B and 43A-SNA cells. The cells adhered potently to laminin-511 and fibronectin, whereas adhesion to laminin-411 was minimal. In contrast, laminin-411 inhibited cell adhesion to other extracellular matrix proteins. In conclusion, EMT induces a switch from laminin-511 to laminin-411 expression, which may be directly controlled by Snail. Concomitant changes take place in laminin- and collagen-binding receptors. Laminin-411 reduces adhesion to laminin-511 and fibronectin, suggesting that tumor cells could utilize laminin-411 in their invasive behavior.
Fresh fruit of longan (Dimocarpus longan Lour.) are susceptible to pericarp browning and aril breakdown. Aril breakdown in longan fruit is regarded as one of the most important factors reducing quality and shortening storage life of the fruit. To better understand the molecular mechanism of aril breakdown, the expression patterns of three expansin (EXP) and three xyloglucan endotransglucosylase (XET) genes in relation to the aril breakdown of longan fruit stored at room temperature (25 degrees C) or low temperature (4 degrees C) were investigated. The results showed that aril breakdown index increased progressively during storage at 25 and at 4 degrees C. Northern blotting analysis revealed that the accumulations of three EXP and three XET genes exhibited differential characteristics with the occurrence of aril breakdown. During storage at 25 degrees C, the accumulations of Dl-XET3 increased after 1 day, suggesting that Dl-XET3 correlated well with the early aril breakdown, while Dl-EXP3 together with Dl-XET1 and Dl-XET2 was involved in later aril breakdown. However, expression of Dl-XET1 and Dl-XET2 could be mainly involved in aril breakdown of longan fruit stored at 4 degrees C. In addition, Dl-EXP2, whose accumulation increased sharply when longan fruit were transferred from low temperature to room temperature within 12 hours, was related to the aril breakdown in this storage period. These data indicated that Dl-EXPs and Dl-XETs were closely related to aril breakdown in longan fruit.
Although large numbers of long noncoding RNAs (IncRNAs) expressed in the mammalian nervous system have been detected, their functions and mechanisms of regulation remain to be fully clarified. It has been reported that the IncRNA antisense transcript for beta-secretase-1 (BACE1-AS) is elevated in Alzheimer's disease (AD) and drives the rapid feed-forward regulation of p-secretase, suggesting that it is critical in AD development. In the present study, the senile plaque (SP) AD SH-SY5Y cell model was established using the synthetic amyloid beta-protein (A beta) 1-42 in vitro. Using this model, the potential of siRNA-mediated silencing of IncRNA BACE1-AS expression to attenuate the ability of beta-secretase-1 (BACE1) to cleave amyloid precursor protein (APP) and to reduce the production of A beta(1-42) oligomers was investigated. MTT assays demonstrated that exogenous A beta(1-42) suppressed SH-SY5Y cell proliferation and induced APP-related factor expression and SP formation: Furthermore, quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis revealed that the mRNA and protein expression of A beta(1-42) and A beta(1-40) was significantly increased in the AD model group, with a marked decrease in Ki-67 expression at day six. RNase protection assays (RPA) and northern blotting analysis confirmed that exogenous A beta(1-42) not only promoted the expression of the APP-cleaving enzyme BACE1, but also induced IncRNA BACE1-AS expression. Furthermore, IncRNA BACE1-AS formed RNA duplexes and increased the stability of BACE1 mRNA. Downregulation of IncRNA BACE1-AS expression in SH-SY5Y cells by siRNA silencing resulted in the attenuation of the ability of BACE1 to cleave APP and delayed the induction of SP formation in the SP AD SH-SY5Y cell model.
Recent evidence suggests that the PRL-1 and -2 phosphatases may be multifunctional enzymes with diverse roles in a variety of tissue and cell types. Northern blotting has previously shown widespread expression of both transcripts; however, little is known about the cell type-specific expression of either gene, especially in human tissues. Therefore, we investigated expression patterns for PRL-1 and -2 genes in multiple normal, adult human tissues using in situ hybridization. Although both transcripts were ubiquitously expressed, they exhibited strikingly different patterns of expression. PRL-2 was expressed heavily in almost every tissue and cell type examined, whereas PRL-1 expression levels varied considerably both between tissue types and between individuals. Widespread expression of PRL-1 and -2 in multiple organ systems suggests an important functional role for these enzymes in normal tissue homeostasis. In addition, the variable patterns of expression for these genes may provide distinct activities in each tissue or cell type.
In grapevine, berry growth after veraison is paralleled by a notable intake of water and sugar. Our results show that in 'Sultanina', a seedless variety, this intake is significantly improved by gibberellic acid (GA(3)), which is normally sprayed to get a commercial berry size. As at this stage the pedicel xylem functionality is lost, it is presumed that water transport occurs via the phloem. This implies a possible role of water channels in cell membranes (aquaporins). Two complementary approaches were used to evaluate the effect of GA(3) on the expression of aquaporin genes. In the first one, PIP and TIP probes derived from 'Sultanina' cloned amplicons and ESTs were used for Northern blotting. Results from these experiments showed that there was not a uniform type of response, with some genes exhibiting a more intense expression at early developmental stages than at veraison, and others showing a lower expression difference. In second place, we confirmed a possible role for GA controlling PIP/TIP gene expression, but again, the results were quite diverse in terms of timing and level of response to the hormonal treatment. In spite of this diversity, a tendency to maintain a higher expression level during post-veraison in GA(3)-treated plants was observed. Microarray hybridizations showed a heterogeneous response to GA-treatment for different genes of the aquaporin family. However, these last experiments must be considered preliminary, both because of technical issues, mainly the requirement of a better reproducibility level, and because of pre-veraison being the developmental stage when one of the lowest levels of aquaporin genes expression was observed.
Abiotic stresses, such as drought, high salinity, and cold/freezing, lead plants to produce excess reactive oxygen species. Catalase, a unique hydrogen peroxide-scavenging enzyme, plays a very important role in plants. To characterize the catalase involved in plant response to abiotic stresses, we constructed a cDNA library from 4 degrees C-treated Festuca arundinacea Schreb seedlings and isolated a catalase gene from this library. The cDNA (FaCat1, 1 735 bp) contained an open reading frame of 1 479 bp. BLAST analysis indicated that the deduced amino acid sequence showed 96% identity with that from wheat TaCat1 and 87% identity with that from maize ZmCat2. Northern blotting analysis showed an obvious increase of FaCat1 transcripts in leaves in contrast with roots. Time-course analysis of the expression of FaCat1 in F. arundinacea leaves showed that FaCat1 expression was upregulated in cold- and salt-stressed leaves, with the FaCat1 transcripts accumulating mostly at 4 or 2 h after cold or salt stress, respectively. No significant changes in FaCat1 transcription were observed in dried leaves and inhibition of FaCat1 transcription was found in abscisic acid (ABA)-treated leaves, indicating that the FaCat1 gene is differentially expressed during cold, high salt, drought, and ABA treatment in F. arundinacea leaves.
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are important modulators of gene expression in eukaryotic cells. However RNAs of the same size in bacteria have not been specifically discussed previously. Here, we provide a library of miRNA-size RNAs (msRNAs), which were registered by deep sequencing in Streptococcus mutans. Bioinformatic analysis of the whole set revealed more than 900 individual msRNA species. The cellular content of selected msRNAs was verified by quantitative RT-PCR and Northern blotting. The high abundance and discrete size of the subset of registered msRNAs suggest their functional significance, although the precise biological role of the RNA species revealed in S. mutans which is one of the principle causative agents of dental caries, has to be elucidated.
A full-length cDNA, named LeEIN2 was cloned from tomato (Lycopersicon esculentum) by RT-PCR and RACE. Then the genomic DNA sequence of Le EIN2 was isolated by LA (Long and Accurate) PCR and Inverse PCR. This DNA sequence was 6838 bp including six introns. The Le EIN2 cDNA was 4343 bp and contained a 3951 bp open reading frame, encoding a 142.63 kDa protein of 1316 amino acids. Comparison of this protein sequence with that of Arabidopsis and Petunia showed that the amino acid homology was 66 and 90%, respectively. Northern blotting analysis indicated that the expression level of the LeEIN2 in young leaves was higher than in mature leaves and senescent leaves. During the development of fruits, the expression of the Le EIN2 was detected before mature green stage and got up to maximum at mature green and breaker stages, then reduced rapidly after breaker stage. The expression level of LeEIN2 in wild type tomato fruit at mature green stage did not distinctively change when treated with exogenous ethylene.
To secure the functionality of activated macrophages in the innate immune response, efficient life span control is required. Recognition of bacterial lipopolysaccharides (LPS) by toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) induces downstream signaling pathways, which merge to induce the expression of cytokine genes and anti-apoptotic genes. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as important inflammatory response modulators, but information about their functional impact on apoptosis is scarce. To identify miRNAs differentially expressed in response to LPS, cDNA libraries from untreated and LPS-activated murine macrophages were analyzed by deep sequencing and regulated miRNA expression was verified by Northern blotting and qPCR. Employing TargetScan(TM) we identified CASPASE-3 (CASP-3) mRNA that encodes a key player in apoptosis as potential target of LPS-induced miR-155. LPS-dependent primary macrophage activation revealed TLR4-mediated enhancement of miR-155 expression and CASP-3 mRNA reduction. Endogenous CASP-3 and cleaved CASP-3 protein declined in LPS-activated macrophages. Accumulation of miR-155 and CASP-3 mRNA in miRNA-induced silencing complexes (miRISC) was demonstrated by ARGONAUTE 2 (AGO2) immunoprecipitation. Importantly, specific antagomir transfection effectively reduced mature miR-155 and resulted in significantly elevated CASP-3 mRNA levels in activated macrophages. In vitro translation assays demonstrated that the target site in the CASP-3 mRNA 3'UTR mediates miR-155-dependent Luciferase reporter mRNA destabilization. Strikingly, Annexin V staining of macrophages transfected with antagomir-155 and stimulated with LPS prior to staurosporine (SSP) treatment implied that LPS-induced miR-155 prevents apoptosis through CASP-3 mRNA down-regulation. In conclusion, we report that miR-155-mediated CASP-3 mRNA destabilization in LPS-activated RAW 264.7 macrophages suppresses apoptosis, as a prerequisite to maintain their crucial function in inflammation.
The basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor Math1, which is transiently expressed in proliferating neural precursors in multiple domains of the developing nervous system, is also related to the cell fate decision of enteroendocrine, goblet, and Paneth cells in the intestine. On the other hand, the transcription factor Cdx2, which is normally confined to intestinal epithelial cells, is related to the differentiation of these cells. Therefore, we investigated the relationship between Math1 and Cdx2 in intestinal epithelial cells. The Math1 and Cdx2 expressions in normal intestinal mucosa and intestinal metaplastic mucosa from mouse and human stomachs, as well as an intestinal crypt-derived cell line, were analyzed by immunohistochemistry, reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and Northern blotting, and Math1 enhancer element was analyzed by luciferase reporter assays. Math1-positive epithelial cells co-expressing Cdx2 were found in normal intestinal mucosa from humans and mice. Furthermore, Math1-producing epithelial cells that showed positive immunostaining for Cdx2 were also observed in intestinal metaplastic mucosa from human and Cdx2 transgenic mouse stomachs, although they were not detected in normal gastric mucosa of humans and mice. Expression of Cdx2 stimulated endogenous Math1 mRNA expression in the intestinal crypt-derived cell line IEC-6, corroborating observations in Cdx2-expressing intestinal metaplastic mucosa. Furthermore, expression of Cdx2 in IEC-6 cells conferred the ability to express a Math1 reporter gene containing a Math1 enhancer. Based on these results, we hypothesize that Cdx2 is involved in activating Math1 expression in intestinal epithelial cells.
Salinity is one of the major environmental factors limiting plant growth and productivity. An H+-PPase gene, TsVP from Thellungiella halophila, was transferred into cotton (Gossypium hirsutum) in sense and antisense orientations under control of the cauliflower mosaic virus (CaMV) 35S promoter. Southern and Northern blotting analysis showed that the sense or antisense TsVP were integrated into the cotton genome and expressed. Transgenic plants overexpressing the vacuolar H+-PPase were much more resistant to 150 and 250 mM NaCl than the isogenic wild-type plants. In contrast, the plants from the antisense line (L2), with lower H+-PPase activity, were more sensitive to salinity than the wild-type plants. Overexpressing TsVP in cotton improved shoot and root growth and photosynthetic performance. These transgenic plants accumulated more Na+, K+, Ca2+, Cl- and soluble sugars in their root and leaf tissues under salinity conditions compared with the wild-type plants. The lower membrane ion leakage and malondialdehyde (MDA) level in these transgenic plants suggest that overexpression of H+-PPase causes the accumulation of Na+ and Cl- in vacuoles instead of in the cytoplasm, thus reducing their toxic effects. On the other hand, the increased accumulation of ions and sugars decreases the solute potential in cells, and facilitates water uptake under salinity, which is an important mechanism for the increased salt tolerance in TsVP-overexpressing cotton.
Background: Human skin shows various morphological characteristics, depending on the body site. As these distinct phenotypes have been explained on the basis of the variance in epidermal keratinocytes and the presence of skin appendages, the spatial distinction of the dermal components has not been fully elucidated. Objectives: To identify and characterize the profiles of mRNAs that are abundantly or specifically expressed by fibroblasts derived from trunk skin, but not from palmoplantar skin or oral mucosa. Methods: In order to identify the distinct mRNA expression by trunk skin fibroblasts, a subtraction cDNA screening was performed first, followed by Northern blotting, Western blotting and immunohistochemistry for cultured human and rat dermal fibroblasts and those skin tissues. Finally, whole mount in situ hybridization (WISH) was performed to examine the differences in the expression of the corresponding gene during the developmental stage of mouse embryos. Results: We identified three cDNA clones encoding fibronectin (FN), pregnancy-specific beta 1-glycoprotein 5 and beta-actin, respectively, whose mRNAs were abundantly or specifically expressed by trunk skin fibroblasts. FN and some integrins were further confirmed to be expressed more selectively in human and rat trunk skin fibroblasts, both in terms of the RNA and the protein levels, compared with the fibroblasts derived from plamoplantar skin and oral mucosa. WISH demonstrated that FN was localized around the hair follicles of mouse embryos. Conclusion: FN, one of most potent extracellular matrix molecules, was demonstrated to be spatially transcribed depending on the body sites. The distinct expression of FN was suggestive of the essential commitment in the process of cutaneous development and morphogenesis of appendages originated from hair germ. The paucity of FN in palmoplantar skin and oral mucosa might explain the characteristics of these skin phenotypes.
Isolation of RNA from recalcitrant tree tissues has been problematic due to large amounts of secondary metabolites and interfering compounds in their cells. We have developed an efficient RNA extraction method, which yielded high-quality RNA preparations from tissues of the lychee tree. The method reported here utilized EDTA, LSS, and CTAB to successfully inhibit RNase activities. It was found that a high ionic strength brought about by 2 M NaCl was necessary. In addition, secondary metabolites and other interfering compounds were effectively removed using sodium borate and PVPP under a deoxidized condition. The quality of purified RNA was tested by both RACE and Northern blotting analysis, ensuring that the RNA could be used for subsequent gene expression analysis. This method has been successfully applied to purify RNA from 15 other plant species. In conclusion, the protocol reported here is expected to have excellent applications for RNA isolation from recalcitrant plant tissues.
Co-infection of none-coding satellite RNAs (sat-RNAs) usually inhibits replication and attenuates disease symptoms of helper viruses. However, we find that the sat-RNA of Beet black scorch virus (BBSV) and low temperature (18 degrees C) additively enhance the systemic infection of BBSV in Nicotiana benthamiana. Northern blotting hybridization revealed a relatively reduced accumulation of BBSV-derived small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) in presence of sat-RNA as compared to that of BBSV alone. Cloning and sequencing of total small RNAs showed that more than 50% of the total small RNAs sequenced from BBSV-infected plants were BBSV-siRNAs, whereas the abundance of sat-siRNAs were higher than BBSV-siRNAs in the sat-RNA co-infected plants, indicating that the sat-RNA occupies most of the silencing components and possibly relieves the RNA silencing-mediated defense against BBSV. Interestingly, the 5' termini of siRNAs derived from BBSV and sat-RNA were dominated by Uridines (U) and Adenines (A), respectively. Besides, the infection of BBSV alone and with sat-RNA induce down-regulation of miR168 and miR403, respectively, which leads to high accumulation of their targets, Argonaute 1 (AGO1) and AGO2. Our work reveals the profiles of siRNAs of BBSV and sat-RNA and provides an additional clue to investigate the complicated interaction between the helper virus and sat-RNA
The mu-opioid receptor (MOR) plays a mandatory role in the action of most opioid drugs, such as morphine, fentanyl, and heroin. it has been revealed that a deficiency in the MOR gene (Oprm 1) or a difference in the 3' noncoding region of the gene markedly affects the sensitivity of mice to opioids. As the 3' noncoding region of the human OPRM1 gene had not yet been characterized, in the present study we conducted 3'-rapid amplification of cDNA ends (3'RACE)-PCR and identified the 3' end of the human MOR-1 mRNA, the most abundant transcript among OPRM1 gene transcripts. The poly(A) signal was located at 13612-13617 nucleotides downstream from the stop codon in the OPRM1 gene. Reverse transcription PCR analyses showed that the region from the stop codon to the poly(A) signal was transcribed. In the 3' UTR, we identified 33 AU-rich regions and more than 300 putative transcription factor-binding sites. Furthermore, we compared the 3' noncoding regions of the human and mouse OPRM1/Oprm1] genes and found apparent homology. In Northern blotting with mouse brain mRNAs, a same-size band was detected by a probe for the MOR-1 coding region and by a probe for a mouse genome region corresponding to the human MOR-1 3'UTR. Since 3'UTRs affect gene expression, the present characterization of the 3' noncoding region in the human OPRM1 gene should lead to a better understanding of the mechanisms underlying OPRM1 gene regulation and individual differences in sensitivity to opioids. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Abiotic stresses, especially salinity and drought, are major limiting factors for plant growth and crop productivity. In an attempt to develop salt and drought tolerant tomato, a DNA cassette containing tobacco osmotin gene driven by a cauliflower mosaic virus 35S promoter was transferred to tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) via Agrobacterium-mediated transformation. Putative T0 transgenic plants were screened by PCR analysis. The selected transformants were evaluated for salt and drought stress tolerance by physiological analysis at T1 and T2 generations. Integration of the osmotin gene in transgenic T1 plants was verified by Southern blot hybridization. Transgenic expression of the osmotin gene was verified by RT-PCR and northern blotting in T1 plants. T1 progenies from both transformed and untransformed plants were tested for salt and drought tolerance by subjecting them to different levels of NaCl stress and by withholding water supply, respectively. Results from different physiological tests demonstrated enhanced tolerance to salt and drought stresses in transgenic plants harboring the osmotin gene as compared to the wild-type plants. The transgenic lines showed significantly higher relative water content, chlorophyll content, proline content, and leaf expansion than the wild-type plants under stress conditions. The present investigation clearly shows that overexpression of osmotin gene enhances salt and drought stress tolerance in transgenic tomato plants.
The Arabidopsis thaliana bZIP60 (AtbZIP60) transcription factor regulates stress signaling. However, its molecular mechanism remains to be elucidated. In this investigation, cell suspension cultures of two different plant species rice (Oryza sativa L.) and white pine (Pinus strobes L.) were transformed using Agrobacterium tumefaciens strain LBA4404 harboring pBI-AtZIP60. Integration of the AtbZIP60 gene into the genome of rice and white pine has been confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR), southern blotting, and northern blotting analyses. Six transgenic cell lines from O. sativa and three transgenic cell lines from P. strobus were used to analyze the salt, drought, and cold tolerance conferred by the overexpression of the AtbZIP60 gene. Our results demonstrated that expression of the AtbZIP60 gene enhanced salt, drought, and cold tolerance in rice and white pine transgenic cell lines. In rice, transcription factor AtbZIP60 increased expression of Ca2+-dependent protein kinase genes OsCPK6, OsCPK9, OsCPK10, OsCPK19, OsCPK25, and OsCPK26 under treatment of salt, drought, and cold. These results demonstrated that overexpression of the AtbZIP60 gene in transgenic cell lines improved salt, drought, and cold stress tolerances by regulating expression of Ca2+-dependent protein kinase genes. Overexpression of the AtbZIP60 gene could be an alternative choice for engineering plant abiotic stress tolerance.
Previous studies performed in our laboratory have measured the effect of atrazine exposure on cytochrome P450-dependent monooxygenase activity and have found increased activity in midge larvae (Chironomus tentans) as a result of atrazine exposure (1-10 ppm). Here we report the cloning and expression of a specific C tentans CYP4 gene that is responsive to atrazine induction with an open reading frame of 1678 bp which encodes a putative protein of 559 amino acid residues. Alignments of deduced amino acid sequences with other insect P450 genes and phylogenetic analysis indicated a high degree of similarity to other insect CYP4 genes. Northern blotting analysis employing a fragment of 1200 bp from the CYP4 gene as a probe indicated that the CYP4 gene was expressed in all developmental stages, but was expressed at highest levels in late instar larvae. Additionally, over-expression of CYP4 in C. tentans exposed to atrazine (10 mg/l) confirms the ability of atrazine to induce specific P450 genes and provides insight into potential consequences of atrazine exposure in aquatic organisms. (C) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
CYP1B1 is a cytochrome P450 enzyme implicated in autosomal recessive primary congenital glaucoma (PCG). The mechanism and function of CYP1B1 in the development of the PCG phenotype is unknown. Previously, investigators have reported detection of Cyp1b1 mRNA in the ciliary body and epithelium and neuroepithelium in the developing mouse eye, employing in situ hybridization techniques. Similarly, additional investigators have detected CYP1B1 mRNA in the iris, ciliary body, non-pigmented ciliary epithelial line, cornea, retinal-pigment epithelium, and retina in the human adult eye, using Northern blotting. This study was designed to immunolocalize CYP1B1 protein in the various ocular structures of normal, human fetal and adult eyes. Normal fetal and adult eyes were irrimunolabeled with a polyclonal antibody against human CYP1B1 using indirect immunofluorescence, and then compared with appropriate controls. The intensity of immunolabeling of the various ocular structures was assessed by qualitative and semi-quantitative techniques. In the anterior segment anti-CYP1B1 immunoreactivity (IR) was detected early in fetal development in the primitive ciliary epithelium. As well, the most intense CYP1B1 IR was in the non-pigmented ciliary epithelium. In addition, CYP1B1 IR was also present in the corneal epithelium and keratocytes, both layers of the iris pigmented epithelium, and retina. However, CYP1B1 IR was absent in the trabecular meshwork in all of the samples. In general, CYP1B1 immunolabeling in the human fetal eyes was more intense when compared to adult eyes. CYP1B1 IR was primarily immunolocalized to the non-pigmented ciliary epithelium and early in fetal development. In addition, CYP1B1 IR was not detected in the trabecular meshwork. These findings suggest that the abnormalities in the development of the trabecular meshwork in PCG may result from diminished or absent metabolism of important endogenous substrates in the ciliary epithelium due to non-functional CYP1B1 enzyme. (C) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The larval pigment pattern in the silkworm, Bombyx mori, is formed by melanin, ommochromes and pteridines. During development all these pigments are synthesized autonomously, and possibly also with mutual interaction between them, to yield unique pigment patterns. In order to find the key trigger for such pigment pattern formation, developmental changes in pteridine biosynthesis were studied using the quail mutant (q/q), which has darker larval marks formed by melanin and an abundance of ommochromes in the integument. In the current study, emphasis has been placed on the analysis of GTP-cyclohydrolase I (GTP-CH I), which is a key enzyme for the biosynthesis of pteridines, during the development of the silkworm. Results of Northern blotting showed that in the quail mutant strong signals of GTP-CH I mRNA appeared around each period of ecdysis, while no such signals appeared in the background strain (+q/q) used. Also, both GTP-CH I activities and pteridine content were higher in the quail mutant compared with the background strain. These results strongly suggest that pteridine biosynthesis is closely linked to the formation of melanin and ommochromes. It is also suggested here that in the silkworm a recessive gene (q) may be involved in the regulation of its pigment pattern formation.
Here we report a homologue of the apolipoprotein D gene (AniphiApoD) in amphioxus, Branchiostoma belcheri tsingtauense, the first such finding in a basal chordate cephalochordate. The main features of the protein predicted from AmphiApoD are characteristic of the apolipoprotein D. Phylogenetic analysis places AmphiApoD at the base of the phylogenetic tree, suggesting that AmphiApoD is the archetype of the vertebrate ApoD genes. Both whole mount in situ hybridization and Northern blotting and RT-PCR as well as in situ hybridization histochemistry reveal that AmphiApoD is expressed in tissues derived from mesoderm and endoderm including notochord and hind-gut, which contrasts with the strong expression patterns of ApoD genes in the ectodermal derivatives in mammals and birds. The expression profiles of the ApoD gene may have been changed to be expressed in the endo-mesodermal derivatives in amphioxus after the vertebrate and cephalochordate lineages diverged; alternatively, the ApoD gene may first have been expressed in the endo-mesoderm during embryogenesis in the last common ancestor of all chordates, and subsequently came to be expressed in the ectodermal derivatives of vertebrates including mammals and birds. (c) 2006 International Federation for Cell Biology. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The cDNA encoding brain protein 44-like (Brp44l) was identified from the brain and spinal cord cDNA library of Gekko japonicus. It contains a 324 bp open reading frame corresponding to a deduced protein of 107 amino acids. The molecular weight of the BRP44L protein is 12.2664 kDa and its theoretical pI is 9.67. At amino acid level, the BRP44L from gecko shares 85-89% similarity with those from other species. Northern blotting showed that Brp44l was ubiquitously expressed in the major organs of Gekko japonicus including brain, spinal cord, heart, lung, liver, and kidney, suggesting a fundamental biological role of this gene. In situ hybridization (ISH) revealed that positive hybridization signals were present in gray matter of spinal cord. The change of Brp44l expression in spinal cord after tail amputation was examined by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). The expression level of this gene increased in the spinal cord after tail amputation, and reached the highest value at 1 week after tail amputation, which indicated that the expression level of Brp44l might be associated with the process of spinal cord injury and regeneration.
AIM: To analyze the expression profiles of a human gastric-cancer-related gene, GCRG123, in human gastric signet-ring cell carcinoma tissues, and to perform bioinformatics analysis on GCRG123. METHODS: In situ hybridization was used to explore the GCRG123 expression pattern in paraffin-embedded gastric tissues, including 15 cases of signet-ring cell carcinoma, 15 of intestinal-type adenocarcinoma, and 15 of normal gastric mucosa. Northern blotting was used to analyze the differences in GCRG123 expression between stomach signet-ring cell carcinoma and intestinal-type adenocarcinoma tissues. Online software, including BLAST, Multalin and BLAT, were applied for bioinformatics analysis. National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) and the University of California Santa Cruz (UCSC) databases were used for the analyses. RESULTS: The in situ hybridization signal appeared as blue precipitates restricted to the cytoplasm. Ten out of 15 cases of gastric signet ring cell carcinoma, normal gastric mucosal epithelium and pyloric glands showed high GCRG123 expression. Low GCRG123 expression was observed in gastric intestinal-type adenocarcinoma and normal gastric glands. Northern blotting revealed that GCRG123 was up-regulated in signet-ring cell carcinoma tissue but down-regulated in intestinal-type adenocarcinoma tissue. BLAST and Multalin analyses revealed that the GCRG123 sequence had 92% similarity with the ORF2 sequence of human long interspersed nuclear element retrotransposons (LINE-1, L1). BLAT analysis indicated that GCRG123 mapped to all chromosomes. GCRG123 was found to integrate in the intron-17 and -23 of Rb, 5' flanking region of IL-2 and clotting factor IX genes. CONCLUSION: GCRG123, an active member of the L1 family, was up-regulated in human gastric signet-ring cell carcinoma. (C) 2008 WJG. All rights reserved.
Background/Aims: Liver injury results in the activation of hepatic stellate cells (HSCs), which in turn produce matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) in response to pro-inflammatory cytokines for tissue remodelling. This study explored the transcriptional induction of the MMP-1 gene by tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in HSCs. Methods: The LI90 human HSC line was used in the present study. Gelatin zymography, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, Northern blotting and gene promoter-reporter assays were used to analyse the induction of MMP-1 protein, mRNA expression and gene transcription respectively. Deletional or site-directed mutations were introduced into the promoter region and transiently transfected into LI90 cells to determine the cis-acting elements necessary for TNF-alpha inducibility. Gel shift mobility assays were used to determine the transcriptional factors involved in the TNF-alpha responsiveness. Results: TNF-alpha upregulated MMP-1 protein and mRNA expression in a dose-dependent manner. A time-course experiment revealed a rapid induction of MMP-1 mRNA expression after TNF-alpha treatment. Mutation in a putative nuclear factor (NF)-kappa B-binding site at -2541 bp almost completely abolished the TNF-alpha response to MMP-1 gene-promoter activity, suggesting transcriptional regulation of MMP-1 expression by TNF-alpha via this site. Electrophoretic mobility shift assay and supershift assays indicated that this transcriptional regulation was regulated via the p50/p50 homodimer of NF-kappa B. Conclusions: MMP-1 gene expression might be induced by TNF-alpha via the p50/p50 homodimer of NF-kappa B in activated human HSCs.
Within the past 10 years, several investigators have reported the presence of immunoglobulin G in brain neurons. However, because immunoglobulin molecules were only known to be produced by B-lymphocytes, it was suspected that the neurons were taking immunoglobulin G up from the extracellular fluid. The aim of this study was to determine whether immunoglobulin G was actually being produced by the neurons. By immunohistochemistry and Western blotting analysis, we found that immunoglobulin G was also present in adult mouse brain neurons and isolated neonatal mouse neurons, respectively. More importantly, by in situ hybridization, Northern blotting and single cell reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction, the transcripts of rearranged immunoglobulin gamma chain and K chain were also found in adult mouse brain neurons. Further, confocal imaging of primary culture neurons showed that immunoglobulin G immunoreactivity was localized in the neuron cytoplasm, axons and dendrites. Immunoglobulin G extracted from the primary culture neurons could also be detected by Western blotting. Furthermore, the results of sulphur-35 or iodine-125 pulse-labeled immunoprecipitation provided additional confirmation that brain neurons could produce immunoglobulin G. Taken together, the results indicated that immunoglobulin G originated from both early generated and adult mouse neurons. Although the bioactivity of neuron-derived immunoglobulin G was not yet clear, we believed that immunoglobulin G might play an important role in neuronal development. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In the submandibular gland (SMG) of mice, a duct portion called the granular convoluted 14 tubule (GCT) is developed preferentially in males with puberty. This sexual dimorphism is androgen-dependent, but the underlying molecular mechanisms are unclear. We have demonstrated that the expression of a transcription factor JunD is regulated in association with the androgen-induced differentiation of GCT cells from striated duct (SD) cells. Menin, a nuclear protein encoded by the MEN1 tumor-suppressor gene, is known to bind JunD, thereby inhibiting its activity. In the present study, we examined the expression of menin in the mouse SMG by use of Northern blotting, Western blotting, and immunohistochemistry. Immunoreactivity for menin was higher in the female than male gland, and localized to the nuclei of intercalated duct cells and a subpopulation of SD cells. In contrast, GCT cells in males appeared negative for menin. The levels of menin in the SMG were increased with castration in males and decreased by repeated administration of testosterone to females or to castrated males. After a single administration of testosterone to females, many SD cells newly gained nuclear menin, which was lost as the cells converted to GCT cells by 48 hrs. These patterns of the expression and localization of menin were quite similar to those of JunD. Furthermore, the coimmunoprecipitation analysis of the SMG homogenates indicated that menin binds JunD in vivo. The present study suggests that the JunD-menin complex plays significant roles in the androgen-dependent differentiation of the duct system in the mouse SMG.
RNA interference (RNAI) is a powerful tool for functional gene analysis, which has been successfully used to down-regulate the levels of specific target genes. In this study a microRNA 159a-based binary vector was constructed which can be used for hpRNA expression. Hairpin (hp) RNA expression cassettes carrying the gene sequences are typically constructed on binary plasmid and delivered into plant cells by Agrobacteriurn-mediated genetic transformation. This system allows simple insertion of 21- nt target gene sequences into microRNA backbone, to facilitate the processing of microRNA hpRNA by the endogenous machinery of host, thereby producing artificial microRNA carrying the sequence of target gene(s). The functionality of new vector system was tested by silencing viral gene in transgenic plants. Strong down regulation of viral gene was observed in virus infected tobacco plants transformed with PAmiR(159) vector. The processing of amiRNA leading to viral-specific siRNA was confirmed by northern blotting. This vector system provides an important addition to the plant molecular biologists' toolbox, which will significantly facilitate the use of RNAi technology for analyses of various gene functions in plant cells.
Background: An impairment of cardiovascular function in streptozotocin (STZ)-diabetic rats has been mentioned within 5 days to 3 months of induction. ATP sensitive potassium (K-ATP) channels are expressed on cardiac sarcolemmal membranes. It is highly responsive to metabolic fluctuations and can have effects on cardiac contractility. The present study attempted to clarify the changes of cardiac K-ATP channels in diabetic disorders. Methods: Streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and neonatal rat cardiomyocytes treated with a high concentration of glucose (a D-glucose concentration of 30 mM was used and cells were cultured for 24 hr) were used to examine the effect of hyperglycemia on cardiac function and the expression of K-ATP channels. K-ATP channels expression was found to be linked to cardiac tonic dysfunction, and we evaluated the expression levels of K-ATP channels by Western blot and Northern blot analysis. Results: The result shows diazoxide produced a marked reduction of heart rate in control group. Furthermore, the methods of Northern blotting and Western blotting were employed to identify the gene expression of K-ATP channel. Two subunits of cardiac K-ATP channel (SUR2A and kir 6.2) were purchased as indicators and showed significantly decreased in both diabetic rats and high glucose treated rat cardiac myocytes. Correction of hyperglycemia by insulin or phlorizin restored the gene expression of cardiac K-ATP in these diabetic rats. Conclusions: Both mRNA and protein expression of cardiac K-ATP channels are decreased in diabetic rats induced by STZ for 8 weeks. This phenomenon leads to result in desensitization of some K-ATP channel drugs.
Background: Profilin is a small actin-binding protein that contributes to the allergenic potency of many fruits and vegetables, including tomato. Two highly similar genes encoding tomato profilin have been isolated and designated as allergen Lyc a 1.01 and Lye a 1.02. Objective: The aim of the study was to generate profilin-reduced hypoallergenic tomato fruits by silencing of both genes in transgenic tomato plants by means of RNA interference (RNAi). Methods: The efficiency of gene silencing was documented by means of Northern blotting, immunoblotting, and skin prick testing. Results: Quantification of the remaining protein revealed that profilin accumulation in transgenic fruits was decreased 10-fold compared with that seen in untransformed controls. This decrease was sufficient to cause a reduced allergenic reactivity in patients with tomato allergy, as determined with skin prick tests. Because most patients with tomato allergy are not monosensitized to profilin, the IgE reactivity to the profilin-silenced tomato fruits in vivo varied widely between individuals tested. Conclusion: We could demonstrate the efficient silencing of both profilin genes in transgenic tomato plants using RNAi This resulted in Lyc a 1-diminished tomato fruits, providing proof of concept and demonstrating that RNAi can be used to design allergen-reduced food. However, simultaneous silencing of multiple allergens will be required to design hypoallergenic tomatoes. Clinical implications: Our findings demonstrate the feasibility of creating low-allergenic food by using RNAL This concept constitutes a novel approach to allergen avoidance.
Many recent studies have reported that microRNA (miRNA) biogenesis and function are related to the molecular mechanisms of various clinical diseases. Several methods, including northern blotting and DNA chip analyses, are capable of assessing miRNA-production patterns in cells. However, the development of repetitive monitoring of the miRNA-production profile in a noninvasive manner is demanded for the application of miRNAs to human medicine. Here, we describe a noninvasive system for monitoring miRNA biogenesis, from the stage of primary transcripts to that of mature miRNA regulation. We review the optical methods that have been developed to image miRNA production at each step of the miRNA-processing pathway in living subjects. We propose that an optical miRNA-imaging strategy, based on molecular imaging, can be used as an miRNA imaging detector to monitor various miRNAs, by using different reporters, simultaneously, for high-throughput screening, and will provide potential application for the diagnosis and therapeutics of multiple diseases.
Objective: Symptoms of airway diseases are often associated with specific times of the day. For example, midnight worsening of cough is a frequent complaint of patients with laryngitis and bronchitis. We speculate that these symptoms are under the control of the circadian clock, and the clock genes in the airway epithelium play some important roles. In the present study, we tried to prove the time specific expressions of clock oscillating genes in the murine larynx. Materials and methods: Adult wild-type C57/B16 mice and mCry1(-/-)mCry2(-/-) mutant mice were used for this study. We employed immunohistochemistyr and/or Northern blotting for examining the circadian expression of mPer1, mPer2, C/EBPbeta, HNF3beta, and MUC5b. Results: The expression of mPer2 mRNA showed a strong day-night expression difference, which was abolished after the lesion of the suprachiasmatic nucleus, and in mCry1(-/-)mCry2(-/-) mutant mice. mPER1 and mPER2 proteins both showed very similar expression profiles in the epithelium and submucosal glands with a peak in the evening and a trough in the early morning. Other nuclear proteins such as C/EBPbeta and HNF3beta did not show the rhythms. MUC5b protein showed circadian oscillation in the laryngeal submucosal gland. Conclusion: In this study, we confirmed the existence of a local laryngeal clock which is controlled by the central clock in the suprachiasniatic nucleus. MUC5b protein in the submucosal mucous gland also showed circadian rhythm. We consider that these rhythmic expressions may cause the time specific symptoms among laryngeal diseases. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
miRNAs are non-coding RNA molecules typically 18-22 nucleotides long that can suppress the expression of their target genes. Several laboratories have attempted to identify miRNAs from the pig that are involved in Salmonella infection. These bioinformatics strategies using the newly available genomic sequence are generally successful. Here, we report an in silico identification of miRNAs in pig focusing on the Salmonella infection pathway, and further investigated the differential expression of those miRNAs by quantitative real-time PCR during pre- and post-natal stage of Salmonella inoculation from the peripheral blood of commercially breed pigs. We identified 29 miRNAs that have predicted targets in the Salmonella infection pathway and nine of them were not yet described in pig. In addition, the expression of nine selected miRNAs was validated in the peripheral blood by northern blotting. Through expression analyses, differences were found between pre- and post-natal stages of Salmonella inoculation for miR-221, miR-125b and miR-27b - all of them were suppressed 2 days after Salmonella inoculation. The predicted targets of those three miRNAs were validated by luciferase reporter assays. We show that FOS is a direct target of miR-221, miR-125b can suppress MAPK14, and miR-27b can target IFNG. These findings will be helpful in understanding the function and processing of these miRNAs in Salmonella infection. The miRNA differentially expressed in the peripheral blood of commercial breed pigs suggest that it can be used as genetic markers for salmonella infection resistance in pigs.
Experimental and epidemiological evidence suggests that consumption of hydrolyzable carbohydrate, hCHO (grain), by horses is an important risk factor for colic, a common cause of equine mortality. It is unknown whether the small intestinal capacity to digest hCHO and/or to absorb monosaccharides is limiting, or even if horses can adapt to increased carbohydrate load. We investigated changes in the brush-border membrane carbohydrate digestive enzymes and glucose absorptive capacity of horse small intestine in response to increased hCHO. Expression of the Na+/glucose co-transporter, SGLT1, was assessed by Western blotting, immunohistochemistry, Northern blotting, QPCR, and Na+-dependent d-glucose transport. Glucose transport rates, SGLT1 protein, and mRNA expression were all 2-fold higher in the jejunum and 3- to 5-fold higher in the ileum of horses maintained on a hCHO-enriched diet compared to pasture forage. Activity of the disaccharidases was unaltered by diet. In a well-controlled study, we determined SGLT1 expression in the duodenal and ileal biopsies of horses switched, gradually over a 2-month period, from low (< 1.0 g/kg bwt/day) to high hCHO (6.0 g/kg bwt/day) diets of known composition. We show that SGLT1 expression is enhanced, with time, 2-fold in the duodenum and 3.3-fold in the ileum. The study has important implications for dietary management of the horse.
Biotreatment of feather wastes and utilization of the degraded products in feed and foodstuffs has been a challenge. In the present study, we have demonstrated the degradation of feather waste by Bacillus cereus DCUW strain isolated during a functional screening based microbial diversity study on East Calcutta Wetland Area. A high molecular weight keratinolytic protease from feather degrading DCUW strain was purified and characterized. Moreover, utilization of degraded products during feather hydrolysis was developed and demonstrated. The purified keratinolytic protease was found to show pH and temperature optima of 8.5 and 50 degrees C, respectively. PMSF was found to inhibit the enzyme completely. The purified enzyme showed molecular weight of 80 kDa (from SDS-PAGE). The protease was found to have broad range substrate specificities that include keratin, casein, collagen, fibrin, BAPNA and gelatin. The protease was identified as minor extracellular protease (Vpr) by RT-PCR and northern blotting techniques. This is the first report describing the characterization of minor extracellular protease (Vpr) and its involvement in feather degradation in B. cereus group of organisms.
Degradation of RNA as an intermediate message between genes and corresponding proteins is important for rapid attenuation of gene expression and maintenance of cellular homeostasis. This process is controlled by ribonucleases that have different target specificities. In the bacterial pathogen Helicobacter pylori, an exo- and endoribonuclease RNase J is essential for growth. To explore the role of RNase J in H. pylori, we identified its putative targets at a global scale using next generation RNA sequencing. We found that strong depletion for RNase J led to a massive increase in the steady-state levels of non-rRNAs. mRNAs and RNAs antisense to open reading frames were most affected with over 80% increased more than 2-fold. Non-coding RNAs expressed in the intergenic regions were much less affected by RNase J depletion. Northern blotting of selected messenger and non-coding RNAs validated these results. Globally, our data suggest that RNase J of H. pylori is a major RNase involved in degradation of most cellular RNAs.
Lymphoma usually forms solid tumours in patients, and high expression levels of adhesion 1 molecules are observed in these tumours. However, Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV)-related primary effusion lymphoma (PEL) does not form solid tumours and adhesion molecule expression is suppressed in the cells. Inoculation of a KSHV-associated PEL cell line into the peritoneal cavity of severe combined immunodeficiency mice resulted in the formation of effusion and solid lymphomas in the peritoneal cavity. Proteomics using two-dimensional difference gel electrophoresis and DNA microarray analyses identified 14 proteins and 105 genes, respectively, whose expression differed significantly between effusion and solid lymphomas. Five genes were identified as having similar expression profiles to that of lymphocyte function-associated antigen 1, an important adhesion molecule in leukocytes. Among these, coronin 1A, an actin-binding protein, was identified as a molecule showing high expression in solid lymphoma by both DNA microarray and proteomics analyses. Western and northern blotting showed that coronin 1A was predominantly expressed in solid lymphomas. Moreover, KSHV-encoded lytic proteins, including viral interleukin-6, were highly expressed in effusion lymphoma compared with solid lymphoma. These data demonstrate that effusion and solid lymphomas possess distinctive gene and protein expression profiles in our mouse model, and suggest that differences in gene and protein expression between effusion and solid lymphomas may be associated with the formation of effusion lymphoma or invasive features of solid lymphoma. Furthermore, the results obtained using this combination of proteomics and DNA microarray analyses indicate that protein synthesis partly reflects, but does not correlate strictly with, mRNA production. Copyright (D 2006 Pathological Society of Great Britain and Ireland. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) represent a family of small noncoding RNAs with important regulatory roles in diverse biological processes ranging from cell differentiation to organism development. In chickens, the full set of miRNAs and the expression patterns of miRNAs during development are still poorly understood when compared to the other vertebrates. In this study, we identified 29 novel miRNAs and 140 potential miRNA loci in the chicken genome by combining the experimental and computational analyses. Detailed expression patterns of 49 miRNAs were first characterized by Northern blotting and indicated the cooperativity of the miRNA expression with their function in embryogenesis and organogenesis. Twenty-seven miRNA clusters were systematically evaluated in the chicken genome and diverse expression patterns for closely linked miRNAs were observed. Our results significantly expand the set of known miRNAs in the chicken and provide the basis for understanding the structural and functional evolution of miRNA genes in vertebrates. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Pollination is composed of cell-cell communication and complicated signaling cascades that regulate pollen tube growth and guidance toward the ovules for double fertilization, and is critical for successful sexual reproduction. Exploring expression profiles of in vivo grown pollen tubes is important. Nevertheless, it is difficult to obtain accessible pollen tubes for profiling studies in most model plants. By taking advantage of the hollow styles of lily (Lilium longiflorum), in vivo pollen tubes harvested from pollinated styles which had been cut open were used here to study their protein and transcript profiles. Pollination quantitatively and qualitatively altered the total protein composition of elongating pollen tubes. cDNAs generated and amplified from total RNAs of 24 h in vivo grown and 12 h in vitro cultured pollen tubes were used for suppression subtractive hybridization analyses and preparation of home-made array chips. Microarray analyses conducted with different probe sets revealed 16 transcripts specifically present and/or enriched in in vivo pollen tubes. Reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR), in situ hybridization and Northern blotting were applied to validate their unique pollination-induced expression features. Interestingly, several transcripts were simultaneously detected on the stylar transmitting tract epidermis, where in vivo pollen tubes tightly adhered during pollination. Their deduced amino acid sequences showed that most of them encoded small proteins and could be classified into several families. Transient assay revealed filament-like structures decorated by these proteins and one probably localized in the generative cell. These small peptides might be critical for pollen tube growth during pollination, and further exploration of their biological functions and mechanisms of action are of great interest.
The Arabidopsis thaliana late embryogenesis abundant gene AtEm6 is required for normal seed development and for buffering the rate of dehydration during the latter stages of seed maturation. However, its function in salt stress tolerance is not fully understood. In this investigation, cell suspension cultures of three plant species rice (Oryza sativa L.), cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.), and white pine (Pinus strobes L.) were transformed using Agrobacterium tumefaciens strain LBA4404 harboring pBI-AtEm6. Integration of the AtEm6 gene into the genome of rice, cotton, and white pine has been confirmed by polymerase chain reaction, Southern blotting, and northern blotting analyses. Three transgenic cell lines from each of O. sativa, G. hirsutum, and P. strobus were used to analyze salt stress tolerance conferred by the overexpression of the AtEm6 gene. Our results demonstrated that expression of the AtEm6 gene enhanced salt tolerance in transgenic cell lines. A decrease in lipid peroxidation and an increment in antioxidant enzymes ascorbate peroxidase, glutathione reductase and superoxide dismutase activities were observed in the transgenic cell lines, compared to the non- transgenic control. In rice, AtEM6 increased expression of Ca2+-dependent protein kinase genes OsCPK6, OsCPK9, OsCPK10, OsCPK19, OsCPK25, and OsCPK26 under treatment of salt. These results suggested that overexpression of the AtEM6 gene in transgenic cell lines improved salt stress tolerance by regulating expression of Ca2+-dependent protein kinase genes. Overexpression of the AtEM6 gene could be an alternative choice for engineering plant abiotic stress tolerance.
An alpha-expansin (RiEXPA1) gene was cloned and sequenced from raspberry. Expression of RiEXPA1 in different ripening stages of raspberry fruits has been detected. Northern blotting showed that the level of RiEXPA1 transcript accumulation increased with fruit ripening and the highest level of expression appeared at the later stages of ripening. This indicates that expression of RiEXPA1 is closely correlated with the ripening and softening of raspberry fruits. In order to determine whether expression of the RiEXPA1 was regulated by ethylene, we cloned and sequenced a 1-aminocyclo-propane-1-carboxylic acid synthase cDNA (RiACS1) that encodes the rate-limiting enzyme for ethylene production. Transcript accumulation of RiACS1 was detected at a low level only in the later stage of fruit ripening. This reveals that ethylene is not a regulatory factor of RiEXPA1 expression in raspberry fruit. The results of this investigation suggest that the expression of RiACS1 gene during ripening resembles that of non-climacteric fruits. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Although it has long been established that estrogen alters circadian rhythms in behavior, physiology, and reproductive functions in mammals, the molecular mechanism for these effects remains unknown. To explore the possibility that estrogen affects circadian rhythms by changing the expression of clock-related genes, we investigated the effects of chronic treatment with 17 beta-estradiol (E2) on the expression of Per1 and Per2 genes in the brain (suprachiasmatic nucleus and cerebral cortex) and periphery (liver, kidney, and uterus) of ovariectomized rats by means of in situ hybridization and northern blotting. In the brain, E2 treatment advanced the peak of Per2 mRNA expression in the SCN; however, it failed to affect the rhythm of Per2 mRNA expression in the CX and Per1 mRNA expression in both the SCN and the CX. In nonreproductive peripheral tissues (liver and kidney), E2 delayed the phase and increased the amplitude of Per1 mRNA expression. In the reproductive tissues (uterus), biphasic rhythms in Per1 and Per2 mRNA were observed after E2 treatment. These findings suggest that the effects of estrogen are different between central and peripheral clock in the brain, and between reproductive and nonreproductive tissues in the periphery. (c) 2005 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
The ferric uptake regulator (Fur) is an iron-dependent transcriptional regulator that regulates genes related to iron acquisition, oxidative stress response, and various other functions. Transcription of fur is typically self-regulating and sensitive to iron and oxidative stress. Following the identification of a fur gene in the genome of the bovine pathogen Mannheimia haemolytica, an attempt was made to characterize the transcriptional control of M. haemolytica fur. Northern blotting, RT-PCR, and primer extension were done to determine that M. haemolytica fur is transcribed using three distinct promoters, two of which are located within the upstream fldA gene. The third promoter is located upstream of a conserved hypothetical protein and drives transcription of a tricistronic message. Quantitative real time PCR experiments indicated that unlike current models of Fur regulation, M. haemolytica fur transcription is unchanged by iron depletion at logarithmic phase and repressed by iron depletion at stationary phase. (c) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Transgene silencing is a common phenomenon in higher plants and microalgae. In the present study, we analyzed transgene silencing in the macroalga Pyropia yezoensis. This is the first report of transgene silencing in macroalgae. Transgenic lines were generated by transformation with the PyGUS gene and a hygromycin resistance gene (PtAph7-1). Histochemical GUS staining detected PyGUS expression in only three out of 12 lines. Southern and northern blotting, polymerase chain reaction (PCR), and reverse transcription (RT)-PCR analyses indicated that the PyGUS gene was silenced in the other 9 lines. Interestingly, PyGUS gene silencing in transgenic line 7 was repeatedly initiated at a later stage, in the developmental process from monospore to thallus through asexual reproduction. We identified genes encoding Argonaute and Dicer-like protein, the major components of the RNA-silencing pathway, in the genome and transcripts of P. yezoensis. Interestingly, we found the DDA motif in the PIWI domain of the AGO, suggesting that translational repression may be the major gene-silencing pathway in P. yezoensis. In this study, the observation of PyGUS gene silencing and identification of RNA-silencing components indicate that the gene ( transgene) silencing machinery functions actively in the macroalga P. yezoensis. These results will be useful to study the regulation of gene expression and RNA-silencing mechanisms in Pyropia species and related macroalgae.
The aim of the present study was to produce marker-free transgenic potato resistant to PVY by using a construct generating self-complementary hairpin RNAs. The method has two steps: 1) establishing a robust protocol for the genetic transformation of economically important cultivars of potato by using gfp and nptII genes; 2) applying the protocol for the transfer of marker-free hairpin construct and analysis of transgenic plants by PCR. In the first step internodes were transformed by Agrobacterium tumefaciens LBA4404 with pH82892 construct. Kanamycin, visual screening of GFP, PCR of nptII and gfp as well as RT-PCR and Southern blotting of gfp and Northern blotting of nptII were used for transgenic plant selection. Good regeneration and transformation efficiency were obtained for the cvs. Baltica and Desiree while the cvs. Agave and Delikat showed lower figures. In the second step A. tumefaciens with construct: 35SCaMV enhancer and promoter, two repeated inverted PVY-CP sequences separated by an intron and pAnos terminator was used Regenerated plants without selection, were analysed by PCR using primers in the: 35S promoter, promoter and hairpin region, or in both repeated PVY-CP sequences. A large number of transgenic plants were identified for the most responsive cv. Baltica (17 out of 33) and Desiree (23 out of 66), but only I for the cv. Agave (out of 3) and none for the cv. Delikat. This simple two-step strategy might be applied to generate marker-free transgenic plants in other cvs. or plant species.
Acriflavin (3,6-acridinediamine) and other acridine derivatives act in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells at the level of DNA-coiling enzymes (topoisomerases) causing the stabilization of the enzyme-DNA cleavable complex. In order to better understand the mode of action of acriflavin, Differential Display RT-PCR was used to isolate transcripts specifically over-expressed during exposure of Trichophyton rubrum mycelia to this drug. Five transcripts, whose differential expressions were confirmed by Northern blotting, revealed genes not previously described in this dermatophyte. Functional grouping identified putative enzymes possibly involved in the mitochondrial respiratory electron-transport chain and in iron transport. These results may be relevant to our understanding of the molecular events involved in the stress response of T. rubrum to acriflavin.
Type VII collagen is the major component of anchoring fibrils in the epidermal basement membrane. Its expression has been analyzed by immunostaining or Northern blotting, but rarely at the protein level. In this study, we have quantitatively examined the effects of ascorbic acid and various cytokines/growth factors on the protein synthesis and secretion of type VII collagen by human dermal fibroblasts in culture, using a developed, highly sensitive sandwich enzyme-linked immunoassay with two kinds of specific monoclonal antibodies against the non-collagenous domain-1. Ascorbic acid and its derivative induced a twofold increase in type VII collagen synthesis, and markedly increased the secretion of type VII collagen into the medium when compared with the control culture. This effect was not influenced by the presence of transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1). The synthesis of type VII collagen was elevated by TGF-beta 1, platelet-derived growth factor, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interleukin-1 beta, but not by TGF-alpha. Thus, our data indicate that the synthesis and secretion of type VII collagen in human dermal fibroblasts are regulated by ascorbate and the enhancement of type VII collagen gene expression by cytokines/growth factors is accompanied with elevated production of type VII collagen at the protein level.
We studied the metallothionein (NIT) response in cadmium-exposed worms (Eisenia fetida) both at the protein level by Dot Immunobinding Assay (DIA) with a polyclonal antibody raised against the most immunogenic part of this protein and at the expression level by Northern blotting using a specific probe. NIT appeared as two close isoforms. DIA results clearly demonstrated significant differences in MT level of whole worm heat-treated supernatants between E. fetida exposed to Cd concentrations as low as 8 mg Cd kg(-1) of dry soil compared to controls. Northern blotting analysis performed on whole bodies of worms revealed that a single exposure to 8 mg Cd kg-1 of dry soil for I day resulted in the production of NIT mRNA. This response was maintained for exposure of at least I month. Clear differences of NIT gene expression were also observed between worms exposed to different Cd concentrations (8, 80 or 800 mg; Cd kg(-1) of dry soil). Immunocytochemistry demonstrated that NIT was located in the chloragogenous tissue surrounding the gut where metals are known to be accumulated. This work revealed that E. fetida NIT is a sensitive and relevant biomarker of Cd exposure and especially when considering gene expression response. Further experiments have now to prove its usefulness in natural metal-contaminated soil toxicity assessments. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Purpose: We have previously identified mouse Tarsh as one of the cellular senescence-related genes and showed the loss of expression of TARSH mRNA in four human lung cancer cell lines. TARSH is a presumptive signal transduction molecule interacting with NESH, which is implicated to have some roles in lung cancer metastasis. Methods: The amplification of complete ORF-encoding TARSH cDNA was done with reverse transcription-PCR. Northern blotting was carried out using TARSH cDNA probes. To clarify the relationship between TARSH and lung cancer, we quantified TARSH mRNA expression in 15 human lung cancer cell lines and 32 primary non-small cell lung cancers. Results: We first determined the complete ORF-encoding cDNA sequence which is expressed in the human lung. On the Northern hybridization analysis, TARSH was strongly expressed in the human lung. The expression of TARSH mRNA is remarkably downregulated in all the lung cancer cell lines examined. Furthermore, TARSH expression was significantly low in all of the tumor specimens when compared to the expression in corresponding non-neoplastic lung tissue specimens. Conclusion: The cancer-associated transcriptional inactivation of TARSH suggests that TARSH could be used as a biomarker for lung cancer development as well as a molecular adjunct for lung carcinogenesis in human.
Fusarium head blight (FHB) and Fusarium seedling blight (FSB) of wheat, caused by Fusarium pathogens, are devastating diseases worldwide. We report the expression of RNA interference (RNAi) sequences derived from an essential Fusarium graminearum (Fg) virulence gene, chitin synthase (Chs) 3b, as a method to enhance resistance of wheat plants to fungal pathogens. Deletion of Chs3b was lethal to Fg; disruption of the other Chs gene family members generated knockout mutants with diverse impacts on Fg. Comparative expression analyses revealed that among the Chs gene family members, Chs3b had the highest expression levels during Fg colonization of wheat. Three hairpin RNAi constructs corresponding to the different regions of Chs3b were found to silence Chs3b in transgenic Fg strains. Co-expression of these three RNAi constructs in two independent elite wheat cultivar transgenic lines conferred high levels of stable, consistent resistance (combined type I and II resistance) to both FHB and FSB throughout the T-3 to T-5 generations. Confocal microscopy revealed profoundly restricted mycelia in Fg-infected transgenic wheat plants. Presence of the three specific short interfering RNAs in transgenic wheat plants was confirmed by Northern blotting, and these RNAs efficiently down-regulated Chs3b in the colonizing Fusarium pathogens on wheat seedlings and spikes. Our results demonstrate that host-induced gene silencing of an essential fungal chitin synthase gene is an effective strategy for enhancing resistance in crop plants under field test conditions.
Aims: Ligands for the vitamin D receptor (VDR) regulate apolipoprotein A-I (apo A-I) gene expression in a tissue-specific manner. The vitamin D metabolite 24, 25-dihydroxycholecalciferol (24, 25-(OH)(2)D(3)) has been shown to possess unique biological effects. To determine if 24, 25-(OH)(2)D(3) modulates apo A-I gene expression, HepG2 hepatocytes and Caco-2 intestinal cells were treated with 24, 25-(OH)(2)D(3) or its precursor 25-OHD(3). Main methods: Apo A-I protein levels and mRNA levels were measured by Western and Northern blotting, respectively. Changes in apo A-I promoter activity were measured using the chlorampenicol acetytransferase assay. Key findings: Treatment with 24, 25-(OH)(2)D(3), but not 25-OHD(3), inhibited apo A-I secretion in HepG2 and Caco-2 cells and apo A-I mRNA levels and apo A-I promoter activity in HepG2 cells. To determine if 24, 25(OH)(2)D(3) represses apo A-I gene expression through site A, the nuclear receptor binding element that is essential for VDRs effects on apo A-I gene expression, HepG2 cells were transfected with plasmids containing or lacking site A. While the site A-containing plasmid was suppressed by 24, 25-(OH)(2)D(3), the plasmid lacking site A was not. Likewise, treatment with 24, 25-(OH)(2)D(3) suppressed reporter gene expression in cells transfected with a plasmid containing site A in front of a heterologous promoter. Finally, antisense-mediated VDR depletion failed to reverse the silencing effects of 24, 25-(OH)(2)D(3) on apo A-I expression. Significance: These results suggest that the vitamin D metabolite 24, 25-(OH)(2)D(3) is an endogenous regulator of apo A-I synthesis through a VDR-independent signaling mechanism. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lateral gene transfer (LGT) can facilitate the acquisition of new functions in recipient lineages, which may enable them to colonize new environments. Several recent publications have shown that gene transfer between prokaryotes and eukaryotes occurs with appreciable frequency. Here we present a study of interdomain gene transfer of cutinases - well documented virulence factors in fungi - between eukaryotic plant pathogens Phytophthora species and prokaryotic bacterial lineages. Two putative cutinase genes were cloned from Phytophthora brassicae and Northern blotting experiments showed that these genes are expressed early during the infection of the host Arabidopsis thaliana and induced during cyst germination of the pathogen. Analysis of the gene organisation of this gene family in Phytophthora ramorum and P sojae showed three and ten copies in tight succession within a region of 5 and 25 kb, respectively, probably indicating a recent expansion in Phytophthora lineages by gene duplications. Bioinformatic analyses identified orthologues only in three genera of Actinobacteria, and in two distantly related eukaryotic groups: oomycetes and fungi. Together with phylogenetic analyses this limited distribution of the gene in the tree of life strongly support a scenario where cutinase genes originated after the origin of land plants in a microbial lineage living in proximity of plants and subsequently were transferred between distantly related plant-degrading microbes. More precisely, a cutinase gene was likely acquired by an ancestor of P brassicae, P sojae, P infestans and P ramorum, possibly from an actinobacterial source, suggesting that gene transfer might be an important mechanism in the evolution of their virulence. These findings could indeed provide an interesting model system to study acquisition of virulence factors in these important plant pathogens. (c) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All lights reserved.
Regulation of cellular proliferation and differentiation during brain development results from processes requiring several regulatory networks to function in synchrony. MicroRNAs are part of this regulatory system. Although many microRNAs are evolutionarily conserved, recent evolution of such regulatory molecules can enable the acquisition of new means of attaining specialized functions. Here we identify and report the novel expression and functions of a human and higher primate-specific microRNA, miR-1290, in neurons. Using human fetal-derived neural progenitors, SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cell line and H9-ESC-derived neural progenitors (H9-NPC), we found miR-1290 to be upregulated during neuronal differentiation, using microarray, northern blotting and qRT-PCR. We then conducted knockdown and overexpression experiments to look at the functional consequences of perturbed miR-1290 levels. Knockdown of miR-1290 inhibited differentiation and induced proliferation in differentiated neurons; correspondingly, miR-1290 overexpression in progenitors led to a slowing down of the cell cycle and differentiation to neuronal phenotypes. Consequently, we identified that crucial cell cycle proteins were aberrantly changed in expression level. Therefore, we conclude that miR-1290 is required for maintaining neurons in a differentiated state.
Non-coding microRNAs (miRNAs) regulate the translation of target messenger RNAs (mRNAs) involved in the growth and development of a variety of cells, including primordial germ cells (PGCs) which play an essential role in germ cell development. However, the target mRNAs and the regulatory networks influenced by miRNAs in PGCs remain unclear. Here, we demonstrate a novel miRNAs control PGC development through targeting mRNAs involved in various cellular pathways. We reveal the PGC-enriched expression patterns of nine miRNAs, including miR-10b, -18a, -93, -106b, -126-3p, -127, -181a, -181b, and -301, using miRNA expression analysis along with mRNA microarray analysis in PGCs, embryonic gonads, and postnatal testes. These miRNAs are highly expressed in PGCs, as demonstrated by Northern blotting, miRNA in situ hybridization assay, and miRNA qPCR analysis. This integrative study utilizing mRNA microarray analysis and miRNA target prediction demonstrates the regulatory networks through which these miRNAs regulate their potential target genes during PGC development. The elucidated networks of miRNAs disclose a coordinated molecular mechanism by which these miRNAs regulate distinct cellular pathways in PGCs that determine germ cell development.
In plants, low temperatures can activate the CBF cold response pathway playing a prominent role in cold acclimation by triggering a set of cold-related gene expressions. CBF homologous gene, designated as LpCBF3, from a cold-tolerant perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) accession was identified. It carries the sequences for nuclear localization signal (NLS), AP2 DNA-binding domains and an acidic activation present in most of the plant CBF proteins. Southern analysis indicated the presence of three homologs of LpCBF3 gene in perennial ryegrass genome, and only one amino acid variation in LpCBF3 protein between cold-tolerant and -sensitive perennial ryegrass accessions. In their putative promoter regions, some differential regions were found. Northern blotting and RT-PCR analysis found that LpCBF3 reached the highest expression after 1.5 h of cold treatment (4C). The COR homologous gene, a downstream gene of CBF, can be expressed in the plant stem of cold-tolerant perennial ryegrass accessions without cold treatment. Without cold treatment, the COR gene cannot be activated in cold-sensitive perennial ryegrass accessions. Cold treatment can prompt expression levels of COR homologous genes in both perennial ryegrass accessions. In transgenic Arabidopsis, the overexpression of LpCBF3 with the 35S promoter resulted in dwarf-like plants, later flowering and greater freezing tolerance.
Many basic cellular processes are shared across vast phylogenetic distances, whereas sex-determining mechanisms are highly variable between phyla, although the existence of two sexes is nearly universal in the animal kingdom. However, the evolutionarily conserved DMRT1/dsx/mab3 with a common zinc finger-like DNA-binding motif, DM domain, share both similar structure and function between phyla. Here we report that six transcripts of the chicken DMRT1 were generated in gonads by multiple alternative splicing. By cDNA cloning and genomic structure analysis, we found that there were nine exons of DMRT1, which were involved in alternatively splicing to generate the DMRT1 transcripts. Northern blotting and reverse transcription (RT) PCR analysis revealed that the expression of chicken DMRT1 was testis-specific in adults. Whole-mount in situ hybridizations and RT-PCR indicated that DMRT1 b was specially expressed in embryo gonads and higher in male than female gonads at stage 31. The female gonad had stronger DMRT1 c expression than the male one, whereas DMRT1 f was detectable only in the male gonad at stage 31 of the key time of sex gonadal differentiation. The differential expression of these transcripts during gonadal differentiation provides new insight into roles of alternative splicing of DMRT1 in governing sex differentiation of the chicken.
In the process of cardiac remodeling, connective tissue growth factor (CTGF/CCN2) is secreted from cardiac myocytes. Though CTGF is well known to promote fibroblast proliferation, its pathophysiological effects in cardiac myocytes remain to be elucidated. In this study, we examined the biological effects of CTGF in rat neonatal cardiomyocytes. Cardiac myocytes stimulated with full length CTGF and its C-terminal region peptide showed the increase in cell surface area. Similar to hypertrophic ligands for G-protein coupled receptors, such as endothelin-1, CTGF activated amino acid uptake; however, CTGF-induced hypertrophy is not associated with the increased expression of skeletal actin or BNP, analyzed by Northern-blotting. CTGF treatment activated ERK1/2, p38 MAPK, JNK and Akt. The inhibition of Akt by transducing dominant-negative Akt abrogated CTGF-mediated increase in cell size, while the inhibition of MAP kinases did not affect the cardiac hypertrophy. These findings indicate that CTGF is a novel hypertrophic factor in cardiac myocytes. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Myxoid/round cell liposarcoma are characterized by typical chromosomal translocations. This genetic alteration might result in specific gene-expression profiles in this tumor entity. To identify over-expressed genes in myxoid/round cell liposarcoma DNA microarray analysis was performed on four tumors and four samples of adult fat tissue. Genes ret, cdk4, cyclin D2 and c-myc showed over-expression by means of microarray analysis and Northern blotting. Immunohistochemistry demonstrated cytoplasmic localization of associated proteins in 36 different tumors. The localization of ret was seen in endothelial cells of plexiform vasculature in addition to its accumulation in tumor cells (25% of cases). The results show an over-expression of cdk4, cyclin D2, c-myc and ret on both the transcriptional and protein level in myxoid/round cell liposarcoma. For cyclin D2 and ret this finding has not been reported in this tumor type. The increase of ret on transcriptional level might be explained by its expression in endothelium in intratumoral plexiform blood vessels. For the molecular pathogenesis of myxoid/round cell liposarcoma our findings imply the involvement of these four genes in the deregulation of the cell cycle, especially as cdk4 and cyclin D2 are target genes of c-myc.
The Arabidopsis thaliana bZIP60 (AtbZIP60) transcription factor regulates stress signaling, pathogen defense, and flower development. However, molecular mechanism involved in plant salt tolerance via overexpression of transcription factor AtbZIP60 is elusive. In this investigation, cell suspension cultures of four different plant species cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.), Virginia pine (Pinus virginiana L.), white pine (Pinus strobus L.), and Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana) were transformed via Agrobacterium tumefaciens LBA4404 harboring pBI-AtZIP60. Integration of AtbZIP60 into the genome of G. hirsutum, P. virginiana, P. strobes, and A. thaliana has been confirmed by polymerase chain reaction, Southern blotting, and northern blotting analyses. Six transgenic cell lines from each of four species were used to analyze the salt tolerance conferred by the overexpression of AtbZIP60. Our results demonstrated that expression of AtbZIP60 enhanced salt tolerance of transgenic cells in all transgenic lines, and that improved salt tolerance was associated with increased activities of both H+-ATPase and acid phosphatase and decreased lipid peroxidation (thiobarbituric acid reactive substances) in transgenic cell lines from cotton (Gh1, Gh2, Gh3, Gh4, Gh5, and Gh6), Virginia pine (Pv1, Pv2, Pv3, Pv4, Pv5, and Pv6), white pine (Ps1, Ps2, Ps3, Ps4, Ps5, and Ps6), and Arabidopsis (At1, At2, At3, At4, At5, and At6). This investigation demonstrated that the expression of AtbZIP60 gene in transgenic cell lines reduced salt-induced oxidative damage by increasing the activities of both H+-ATPase and acid phosphatase, and that the overexpression of AtbZIP60 gene could be valuable for engineering plant salt tolerance.
Aims: We investigated the mechanism(s) by which valsartan, a selective antagonist of angiotensin subtype 1 (AT(1)) receptor, decreased plasma glucose in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats. Methods: The plasma glucose concentration was assessed by the glucose oxidase method. The concentration of beta-endorphin in plasma or medium incubating adrenal medulla was measured using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The mRNA levels of the subtype 4 form of glucose transporter (GLUT4) in soleus muscle and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) in the liver were detected by Northern blotting analysis, while the protein levels of GLUT4 in isolated soleus muscle and hepatic PEPCK were investigated using Western blotting analysis. Results: A single intravenous injection of valsartan dose-dependently increased plasma beta-endorphin-like immunoreactivity (BER) in parallel with the lowering of plasma glucose concentration in STZ-induced diabetic rats. Naloxone and naloxonazine inhibited the plasma glucose-lowering action of valsartan at doses sufficient to block opioid mu-receptors. In contrast to its action in wild-type diabetic mice, valsartan failed to modify plasma glucose in opioid mu-receptor knockout diabetic mice. Bilateral adrenalectomy in STZ-induced diabetic rats eliminated both the plasma glucose-lowering action and the plasma BER-elevating action of valsartan. In the isolated adrenal medulla of STZ-induced diabetic rats, angiotensin II (Ang II) or valsartan did not affect spontaneous BER secretion. Activation of cholinergic receptors by 1.0 mu mol/l acetylcholine (ACh) enhanced BER secretion from the isolated adrenal medulla of STZ-induced diabetic rats, but not in the presence of 1.0 nmol/l Ang II, while valsartan reversed this inhibition by Ang II in a concentration-dependent manner. Treatment of STZ-induced diabetic rats with valsartan (0.2 mg/kg) three times daily for 3 days resulted in an increase in gene expression of GLUT4 in soleus muscle and impeded the reduction of elevated mRNA or protein level of hepatic PEPCK. Both of these effects were blocked by opioid mu-receptor antagonist. Conclusions: The results suggest that blockade of AT(1) receptor by valsartan may enhance the adrenal beta-endorphin secretion induced by ACh, activating the opioid mu-receptors to increase glucose utilization and/or to decrease hepatic gluconeogenesis, resulting in the reduction of plasma glucose in STZ-induced diabetic rats.
Although a great deal of progress has been made toward understanding the role of abscisic acid (ABA) in fruit ripening, many components in the ABA signalling pathway remain to be elucidated. Here, a strawberry gene homologous to the Arabidopsis gene ABI1, named FaABI1, was isolated and characterized. The 1641bp cDNA includes an intact open reading frame that encodes a deduced protein of 546 amino acids, in which putative conserved domains were determined by homology analysis. Transcriptional analysis showed that the levels of FaABI1 mRNA expression declined rapidly during strawberry fruit development as evidenced by real-time PCR, semi-quantitative reverse transcriptionPCR, and northern blotting analyses, suggesting that the Ser/Thr protein phosphatase PP2C1 encoded by FaABI1 may be involved in fruit ripening as a negative regulator. The results of Tobacco rattle virus-induced gene silencing and PBI121 vector-mediated overexpression suggested that the down- and up-regulation of FaABI1 mRNA expression levels in degreening strawberry fruit could promote and inhibit ripening, respectively. Furthermore, alteration of FaABI1 expression could differentially regulate the transcripts of a set of both ABA-responsive and ripening-related genes, including ABI3, ABI4, ABI5, SnRK2, ABRE1, CHS, PG1, PL, CHI, F3H, DFR, ANS, and UFGT. Taken together, the data provide new evidence for an important role for ABA in regulating strawberry fruit ripening in the processes of which the type 2C protein phosphatase ABI1 serves as a negative regulator. Finally, a possible core mechanism underlying ABA perception and signalling transduction in strawberry fruit ripening is discussed.
The detection of exogenous plant microRNAs in human/animal plasma/sera lies at the foundation of exploring their cross-kingdom regulatory functions. It is necessary to establish a standard operation procedure to promote study in this nascent field. In this study, 18 plant miRNAs were assessed in watermelon juice and mixed fruits by quantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). C-T values, no-template controls and standard curves for each miRNA were used to evaluate the specificity and sensitivity of qRT-PCR and to obtain concentrations. Sixteen miRNAs were selected and measured in human plasma from volunteers after drinking juice. The CT values of 6 plant miRNAs in human plasma fell outside the linear ranges of their standard curves. The remaining 10 miRNAs were present at high basal levels, and 6 of them showed a dynamic physiological pattern in plasma (absorption rates of 0.04% to 1.31%). Northern blotting was used to confirm the qRT-PCR results. Critical issues such as RNA extraction and internal controls were also addressed. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
MicroRNAs (miRNA), small noncoding RNAs, affect a broad range of biological processes, including tumorigenesis, by targeting gene products that directly regulate cell growth. Human polynucleotide phosphorylase (hPNPase(old-35)), a type I IFN-inducible 3'-5' exoribonuclease, degrades specific mRNAs and small noncoding RNAs. The present study examined the effect of this enzyme on miRNA expression in human melanoma cells. miRNA microarray analysis of human melanoma cells infected with empty adenovirus or with an adenovirus expressing hPNPase(old-35) identified miRNAs differentially and specifically regulated by hPNPase(old-35). One of these, miR-221, a regulator of the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p27(kip1), displayed robust down-regulation with ensuing up-regulation of p27(kip1)by expression of hPNPase(old-35), which also occurred in multiple human melanoma cells upon IFN-beta treatment. Using both in vivo immunoprecipitation followed by Northern blotting and RNA degradation assays, we confirm that mature miR-221 is the target of hPNPase(old-35). Inhibition of hPNPase(old-35) by shRNA or stable overexpression of miR-221 protected melanoma cells from IFN-beta-mediated growth inhibition, accentuating the importance of hPNPase(old-35) induction and miR-221 down-regulation in mediating IFN-beta action. Moreover, we now uncover a mechanism of miRNA regulation involving selective enzymatic degradation. Targeted overexpression of hPNPase(old-35) might provide an effective therapeutic strategy for miR-221-overexpressing and IFN-resistant tumors, such as melanoma.
Primer extension with RNA from an RNase III null mutant of Streptomyces coelicolor M145 and a primer complementary to the polynucleotide phosphorylase gene revealed two major extension products. Two different extension products were observed using RNA from either wild type M145 or the null mutant with a primer complementary to rpsO. Mapping of the 5'-ends of these extension products to the rpsO-pnp intergenic region indicated that all four putative transcription start sites were preceded by possible promoter sequences. These putative promoters were synthesized by the PCR and cloned into pIPP2, a xylE-based streptomycete promoter probe vector. Transfer of the pIPP2 derivatives to S. coelicolor and catechol dioxygenase assays demonstrated that all four cloned fragments had promoter activity in vivo. The activities of the four promoters changed over the course of growth of S. coelicolor and studies in three sigma factor mutant strains demonstrated that three of the promoters were sigma(B) dependent. Northern blotting studies showed that the levels of the rpsO-pnp transcripts remained relatively constant over the course of growth of S. coelicolor M145, but that on a molar basis, the levels of the readthrough and pup transcripts were considerably lower than those of rpsO. PNPase is a cold shock protein in S. coelicolor and the activity of the rpsO-pnp promoters increased during cold shock at 10 degrees, resulting in a twofold increase in PNPase activity, compared with the activity at 30 degrees. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A new member of antimicrobial protein genes of the Crustin family was cloned from haemocytes of the Chinese shrimp Fenneropenaeus chinensis by 3' and 5' RACE. The full-length cDNA of Crustin-like gene contains a 390 bp open reading frame, encoding 130 amino acids. The deduced peptide contains a putative signal peptide of 17 amino acids and mature peptide of 113 amino acids. The molecular mass of the deduced mature peptide is 12.3 ku. It is highly cationic with a theoretical isoelectric point of 8.5. The deduced amino acids sequence of this Crustin showed high homology with those of Penaeus (Litopenaeas) setferus. Northern blotting showed that the cloned Crustin gene was mainly expressed in haemocytes, gill, intestine, and RNA in situ hybridization indicated that the Crustin gene was constitutively expressed exclusively in haemocytes of these tissues. Capillary electrophoresis RT-PCR analysis showed that Crustin was up-regulated dramatically from 12 to 48 h after a brief decrease of mRNA during first 6 h in response to microbe infection. The level of Crustin mRNA began to restore at 72 h post-challenge. This indicated that Crustin gene might play an important role when shrimps are infected by bacterial pathogen.
Fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF2) plays an important role in cortical development. However, the genes downstream of FGF2 that mediate its effect are largely unknown. We have performed a microarray screening of genes regulated by FGF2 using primary cortical neuron culture derived from embryonic day 14.5 (E14.5) mouse forebrains. In this study, we have analysed a previously uncharacterised gene encoding a 180-amino acid protein, hereby named 'coiled-coil protein 1 (ccp1)', that showed a modest up-regulation upon FGF2 stimulation. Northern blots and RT-PCR showed specific expression of ccp1 in multiple tissues including adult and embryonic brains. In situ hybridizations revealed that ccpl was expressed in the cortical plate between Reelin and Tbr1-positive layers in the dorsal cortex at E15.5. Furthermore, the expression pattern of ccp1 at E13.5-E14.5 reflected some of the aspects of tangential migration of cortical progenitors during the early phase. We observed that the expressed ccpl protein was localised to endo/lysosomal compartment in the cell body as well as to vesicles present in the processes of primary cortical neurons and oligodendrocyte cell line. (C) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Very little is known regarding regulation of microRNA (miRNA) biogenesis in normal tissues, tumors, and cell lines. Here, we profiled the expression of 225 precursor and mature miRNAs using real-time PCR and compared the expression levels to determine the processing patterns. RNA from 22 different human tissues, 37 human cancer cell lines, and 16 pancreas and liver tissues/tumors was profiled. The relationship between precursor and mature miRNA expression fell into the following four categories: (1) a direct correlation exists between the precursor and mature miRNA expression in all cells/tissues studied; (2) direct correlation of the precursor and mature miRNA exists, yet the expression is restricted to specific cell lines or tissues; (3) there is detectable expression of mature miRNA in certain cells and tissues while the precursor is expressed in all or most cells/tissues; or (4) both precursor and mature miRNA are not expressed. Pearson correlation between the precursor and mature miRNA expression was closer to one for the tissues but was closer to zero for the cell lines, suggesting that processing of precursor miRNAs is reduced in cancer cell lines. By using Northern blotting, we show that many of these miRNAs (e. g., miR-31, miR-105 and miR-128a) are processed to the precursor, but in situ hybridization analysis demonstrates that these miRNA precursors are retained in the nucleus. We provide a database of the levels of precursor and mature miRNA in a variety of cell types. Our data demonstrate that a large number of miRNAs are transcribed but are not processed to the mature miRNA.
Objective: To unravel the interplay between HIV-1 and its host cell, the effect of HIV-1 infection on cellular gene expression was investigated. Methods: HIV-1(SF33)-infected and uninfected H9 T cells were screened by differential display and RNase protection assay. The finding (PDS5A) was confirmed in HIV-1(Lai)-infected P4-CCR5 HeLa cells, which were also examined after PDS5A siRNA knockdown in regard to HIV-1 replication by quantitative RT-PCR, p24 ELISA and LTR-driven beta-galactosidase expression. The PDS5A knockdown effect on cellular gene expressions was studied by microarray analysis. PDS5A tissue expression was determined by Northern blotting. Results: Regulator of cohesion maintenance, homolog A (PDS5A) was found to be down-regulated by HIV-1. When PDS5A was suppressed by siRNA, HIV-1 replication was unaffected. PDS5A was found to be highly expressed in skeletal muscle tissue, and to lesser degrees in pancreas, heart, placenta, lung, kidney, liver and brain. Microarray analysis of PDS5A knockdown revealed 91 differential gene products over-representing cell cycle, transport and protein stability regulation, including 4 genes (PP2A, RANTES, PCAF, TCF7L2) previously reported to interact with HIV-1. Conclusion: The data show a downregulation of proliferation-associated host gene PDS5A and suggest a role of PDS5A in HIV-1-induced cellular pathogenesis but not viral replication. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Background: Small non-coding RNAs are essential regulators of gene expression at the transcriptional and posttranscriptional levels. High-throughput sequencing has revealed thousands of predicted small RNAs; however, only a few of these have been well characterized. Northern blotting is the most convincing method for small RNA validation. Findings: In this study, we improved the Northern blot method by using biotin-labeled probes. miRNAs and siRNAs derived from both Arabidopsis thaliana and Oryza sativa were investigated. The results suggest that this improved method is sensitive and efficient, with approximately 5 mu g of total RNA being sufficient for detection. Furthermore, long-term storage of probes labeled in this manner is more convenient, less contaminative and degradative compared with traditional probes. Conclusions: This protocol is an alternative strategy for small RNA detection and represents an efficient means of researching small RNAs.
Background: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that post-transcriptionally regulate gene expression. Sequential cleavage of miRNA precursors results in a similar to 22 nucleotide duplex of which one strand, the mature miRNA, is typically loaded into the RNA-induced silencing complex (RISC) while the passenger strand is degraded. Very little is known about how genetic variation might affect miRNA biogenesis and function. Results: We re-sequenced the MIR1-1, MIR1-2, MIR133A1, MIR133A2, and MIR133B genes, that encode the cardiac-enriched miRNAs, miR-1 and miR-133, in 120 individuals with familial atrial fibrillation and identified 10 variants, including a novel 79T >C MIR133A2 substitution. This variant lies within the duplex at the 3' end of the mature strand, miR-133a-3p, and is predicted to prevent base-pairing and weaken thermostability at this site, favoring incorporation of the passenger strand, miR-133a-5p, into RISC. Genomic DNA fragments containing miR-133a-2 precursor sequences with 79T and 79C alleles were transfected into HeLa cells. On Northern blotting the 79T allele showed strong expression of miR-133a-3p with weak expression of miR-133a-5p. In contrast, the 79C allele had no effect on miR-133a-3p but there was a significant increase (mean 3.6-fold) in miR-133a-5p levels. Deep sequencing of small RNA libraries prepared from normal human and murine atria confirmed that nearly all the mature miR-133a was comprised of miR-133a-3p and that levels of miR-133a-5p were very low. A number of isomiRs with variations at 5' and 3' ends were identified for both miR-133a-3p and miR-133a-5p, with 2 predominant miR-133a-3p isomiRs and one predominant miR-133a-5p isomiR. Bioinformatics analyses indicate that the major miR-133a-3p and 5p isomiRs have numerous predicted target mRNAs, only a few of which are in common. Conclusions: Multiple miR-133a isomiRs with potential different mRNA target profiles are present in the atrium in humans and mice. We identified a human 79T >C MIR133A2 variant that alters miRNA processing and results in accumulation of the miR-133a-5p strand that is usually degraded.
Background. Hepatocyte nuclear factor-4 (HNF-4) plays a central role in the differentiation process of hepatic cells. We investigated the effects of an overexpression of HNF-4 on hepatic progenitor cells isolated from a fetal mouse liver and transplantation of the cells in a mouse model of liver fibrosis. Methods. Hepatic progenitor cells were isolated from the embryonic day 14.0 fetal mouse livers and were purified by magnetic cell sorting to remove the hematopoietic cells. We transfected adenovirus-mediated HNF-4 into the cells, and analyzed the expressions of the liver-specific functions using reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction and Northern blotting. HNF-4-overexpressing hepatic progenitor cells were then injected into recipient mice, which were treated with dimethylnitrosamine and 30% partial hepatectomy. Results. After 5 days of culture, the cells located in the center of the aggregates were stained positive for albumin, but the peripheral cells for cytokeratin 19. Adenovirus-mediated HNF-4 gene transfer resulted in increases in the expressions of HNF-4, apolipoprotein (Apo)A1, ApoC3, and pregnane X receptor messenger RNA. The mice treated with HNF-4-transfected progenitor cells survived significantly longer than the control mice (P=0.004). The plasma levels of albumin, total cholesterol, and glucose were higher in the mice treated with cells transfected by HNF-4 than in the control mice. Conclusions. These findings demonstrate that adenovirus-mediated HNF-4 transfection induces the differentiation from hepatic progenitor cells to hepatic parenchymal cells in vitro. These cells may be useful as a source for cell transplantation in liver diseases.
Objectives. TNF-alpha, IL-1 and IL-6 are known to have primary roles in the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. The anti-rheumatic drug chloroquine has been shown to inhibit TNF-alpha, IL-1 and IL-6 production from mononuclear phagocytes. We examined the underlying mechanisms involved in the chloroquine-induced inhibition of cytokine production. Methods. Human peripheral blood mononuclear cells and monocytes/macrophages and monocytic U-937 and THP-1 cells were stimulated with lipopolysaccharide, and TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta and IL-6 production was measured by ELISA. Levels of mRNA were measured by northern blotting and reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. Synthesis of 26-kDa TNF-alpha precursor was measured by metabolic labelling and immunoprecipitation analysis. Transcription rate was determined by nuclear run-on assay. Results. TNF-alpha release from the cells was inhibited by chloroquine, whereas the steady-state level of TNF-alpha mRNA and synthesis of 26-kDa TNF-alpha precursor were not changed by chloroquine. In contrast, chloroquine-induced inhibition of IL-1 beta and IL-6 release was accompanied by a decrease in their steady-state mRNA levels. The transcription rates of the IL-1 beta and IL-6 genes were not changed by chloroquine, whereas the stability of IL-1 beta and IL-6 mRNA was decreased by chloroquine. Weak-base amines such as methylamine and ammonium chloride had no effect on the production of TNF-alpha, whereas they partially blocked the production of IL-1 beta and IL-6. Conclusions. Our results indicate that chloroquine-mediated inhibition of TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta and IL-6 synthesis occurs through different modes in lipopolysaccharide-stimulated human monocytes/macrophages: it blocks the conversion of cell-associated TNF-alpha precursor to mature soluble protein, whereas it reduces the levels of IL-1 beta and IL-6 mRNA, at least in part, by decreasing their stability and by a pH-dependent mechanism.
Background/Aims: High-glucose (HG)-induced mesangial apoptosis and fibrogenesis possibly involves reactive oxygen species (ROS) formation and activated mitochondrial stress. We investigated the therapeutic effect of the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine (NAC) on cellular apoptosis and matrix accumulation in HG-treated rat mesangial cells (RMCs). Methods: RMCs were cultured in media containing 5 (control) or 35 m M (HG) glucose. Cellular apoptosis was assayed by TdT-mediated dUTP nick-end labeling staining. Collagen and transforming growth factor-1 gene expression were measured by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction or Northern blotting. Mitochondrial capacity and intracellular ROS generation was assayed by fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry, respectively. Cellular ATP production and malondialdehyde (MDA) formation were determined by a luciferin-luciferase reaction and high-performance liquid chromatography, respectively. Cytochrome c release, caspase activation and poly(ADP) ribose polymerase cleavage were assayed by Western blotting. Results: HG-treated RMCs displayed enhanced cellular apoptosis (65%) and collagen gene expression (1.8-fold increase); these reactions could be significantly suppressed by 1 m M NAC (p < 0.05). Intracellular ROS generation, production of ATP and MDA, and caspase-3, -8 and -9 activities were significantly increased in HG-treated RMCs, and were effectively attenuated by addition of NAC. Conclusion: It is concluded that NAC prevents HG-induced mesangial apoptosis and fibrogenesis pathways by the reduction of oxidative stress. Copyright (c) 2008 S. Karger AG, Basel
To induce virus resistance in tobacco and rice we constructed hairpin RNA expression system harbouring inverted repeat fragments of coat protein cDNA of Potato virus Y (PVY) or Rice stripe virus (RSV). These structures were driven by three promoters [cauliflower mosaic virus 35S (CaMV 35S), polyubiqutin gene of maize (Ubi), and Pharbitis nil leucine zipper gene (PNZIP)] which have different tissue-specific activity. PVY resistance ratios were 65.18, 24.33 and 83.54 % in transgenic tobacco plants harboring p35S-PVY, pUbi-PVY and pPNZIP-PVY. RSV resistance was 16.21, 28.61 and 29.33 % in transgenic rice plants harboring p35S-RSV, pUbi-RSV and pPNZIP-RSV. Northern blotting and GUS assay demonstrated that virus resistance levels were related to promoter activity. Therefore, choice of the more effective and tissue-specific promoter to reinforce transcription of hpRNAs will favour the cultivation of highly virusresistant transgenic plants.
Hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) acts as a signaling molecule modulating the expression of various genes in plants. However, the reference gene(s) used for gene expression analysis of H2O2 signaling is still arbitrary. A reliable result obtained by quantitative real-time RT-PCR (RT-qPCR) highly depends on accurate transcript normalization using stably expressed reference genes, whereas the inaccurate normalization could easily lead to the false conclusions. In this report, by using geNorm and NormFinder algorithms, 12 candidate reference genes were evaluated and compared in root and shoot tissues of Arabidopsis upon different doses of H2O2. The results revealed that, in our experimental conditions, three novel reference genes (TIP41-like, UKN, and UBC21) were identified and validated as suitable reference genes for RT-qPCR normalization in both root and shoot tissues under oxidative stress. This conclusion was further confirmed by publicly available microarray data of methyl viologen and drought stress. In comparison with a single reference gene (EF-1a), the expression pattern of ZAT12 modulated by H2O2, when using TIP41-like, UKN, and UBC21 as multiple reference gene(s), was similar with the previous reports by using northern blotting. Thus, we proposed that these three reference genes might be good candidates for other researchers to include in their reference gene validation in gene expression studies under H2O2-related oxidative stress.
The expression of antigens in transgenic plants has increasingly been used as an alternative to the classical methodologies for the development of experimental vaccines, and it remains one of the real challenges in this field to use transgenic plant-based vaccines effectively as feedstuff additives. We report herein the development of a new oral immunization system for foot and mouth disease with the structural protein VP1 of the foot and mouth disease virus (FMDV) produced in transgenic Stylosanthes guianensis cv. Reyan II. The transgenic plantlets were identified by polymerase chain reaction (PCR), Southern blotting, and northern blotting; and the production of VP1 protein in transgenic plants was confirmed and quantified by western blotting and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISA). Six transformed lines were obtained, and the level of the expressed protein was 0.1-0.5% total soluble protein (TSP). Mice that were orally immunized using studded feedstuff mixed with desiccated powder of the transgenic plants developed a virus-specific immune response to the structural VP1 and intact FMDV particles. To our knowledge, this is the first report of transgenic plants expressing the antigen protein of FMDV as feedstuff additives that has demonstrated the induction of a protective systemic antibody response in animals. These results support the feasibility of producing edible vaccines from transgenic forage plants, and provide proof of the possibility of using plant-based vaccines as feedstuff additives.
Caffeine biosynthesis involves sequential methylation of the purine ring by the transfer of methyl group from the methyl donor S-adenosyl methionine. Genes that code for the individual methyl transferase have a high degree of sequence homology. To achieve decaffeination by genetic engineering of coffee, the effect and efficiency of different post-transcriptional gene silencing (PTGS) constructs were evaluated. Sense, antisense and invert repeat constructs were developed using a 339 bp fragment from the conserved region of the coffee N-methyltransferase genes involved in caffeine biosynthesis. The silencing constructs were mobilized into Agrobacterium tumefaciens (EHA101). Sonication assisted Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of the somatic embryos of C. canephora was performed, followed by regeneration of the transformants. Molecular analysis and identification of flanking regions confirmed the stable integration of the transgenes in the transformants and their integration in non coding regions of the genome, respectively. Effectiveness of the silencing constructs was evaluated by transcript analysis of the targeted genes by RT-PCR and northern blotting. The silencing efficiency was further evaluated by estimation of the purine alkaloid content in the transgenic lines using HPLC. The three constructs differed in their silencing efficiencies and specificity. Though the constructs were not specific to a single N-methyltransferase, transformants obtained were mainly affected in one of the N-methyltransferases. Results show that the use of homologous coding sequence in the PTGS constructs results in a much higher efficiency in silencing the caffeine biosynthetic pathway. Further, the lowering of caffeine content should be the preferred over complete decaffeination due to extremely low survival rate of transgenic plants with extremely low levels of caffeine.
Human renal cell carcinoma (HRCC) is characterized by a high level of resistance to all treatment modalities. Therefore, the investigation of global gene expression in HRCC might help understand its biologic behavior and develop treatment strategies. Using cDNA microarray analysis, we initially compared gene expression profiles between HRCCs and adjacent normal tissues, and found that 87 were up-regulated and 127 genes were down-regulated. Next, a subset of genes, twofold differentially expressed, were validated by Northern blotting. Unexpectedly, caveolin-1, a gene reported to be a tumor suppressor gene, was found to be up-regulated in HRCC tissues. Expression level of caveolin-1 in SN12CPM6 (high metastatic clone) was higher than in SN12C (low metastatic clone), and SN12CPM6 was more resistant to doxorubicin (DXR) than SN12C. Caveolin-1 gene was slightly induced in surviving SN12C cells after DXR treatment. Furthermore, SN12CPM6-siCav1 cells, which were transfected with siRNA of cavelon-1 gene, were more sensitive to DXR, compared to SN12CPM6, but reduction of caveolin-1 gene expression did not affect tumor formation in subcapsule of kidney and lung metastasis. On the other hand, induction of caveolin-1 gene affected the production of lung metastasis under anti-cancer drug treatment: the incidence of pulmonary metastasis was significantly lower in SCID mice injected with SN12CPM6-siCav1 cells, and the number of pulmonary nodules decreased significantly (p = 0.0004). The above results together suggest that caveolin-1 may confer a growth advantage to cancer cells during DXR chemotherapy and surviving HRCC cells eventually might develop lung metastasis.
The postnatal development of intestine is associated with a decline in brush border lactase activity in rodents. This is similar to adulthood hypolactasia, a phenomenon prevalent in humans worldwide. In the present study, the effect of luminal proteases from adult rat intestine was studied in vitro on intestinal lactase activity in saline control, thyroxine, insulin and cortisone treated rat pups. Lactase levels were determined by enzyme analysis and Western blotting. mRNA levels encoding lactase were determined by Northern blotting. Administration of thyroxine for 4 days reduced (P < 0.05) lactase activity, but insulin treatment had no effect in 8-day-old rat intestine. However, cortisone administration augmented (P < 0.01) lactase activity, under these conditions. Western blot analysis showed decreased lactase signal corresponding to 220-kDa protein band in thyroxine treated animals. However, the intensity of lactase signal was high in cortisone treated animals compared to controls. mRNA levels encoding lactase showed a 6.8-kb mRNA transcript in saline and hormone treated rats. mRNA levels encoding lactase were increased in cortisone treated animals but were reduced in thyroxine injected pups compared to controls. Microvillus membranes from saline (P < 0.01) and thyroxine (P < 0.05) or insulin (P < 0.01) treated rats upon incubation with luminal wash from adult rat intestine showed a significant decline in lactase activity. These findings suggest that thyroxine, insulin or cortisone induced changes in lactase expression in suckling rat intestine make it susceptible to luminal proteases, which may in part be responsible for observed maturational decline in lactase activity in adult rat intestine.
In order to find new insect resistance genes, four homologous cDNAs, hta-a, hta-b, hta-c and hta-d with lengths of 775, 718, 784 and 752 bp, respectively (GenBank accession numbers AF477031-AF477034), were isolated from a tuber cDNA expression library of Helianthus tuberosus L. Sequence analysis revealed that all four cDNAs contain an open reading frame of 444 bp, coding a polypeptide of 147 amino acid residues, and that the sequences of the cDNAs are very similar to those of the mannose-binding agglutinin genes of the jacalin-related family. In hemagglutination reactions and hapten inhibition assays, affinity-purified HTA (Helianthus tuberosus agglutinin) from induced Escherichia coli BL21(DE3) expressing GST-HTA shows hemagglutination ability and a higher carbohydrate-binding ability for mannose than other tested sugars. Trypsin inhibitory activity was detected in the crude extracts of induced E. coli BL21(DE3) expressing HTA, and was further verified by trypsin inhibitory activity staining on native polyacrylamide gel. The mechanism of interaction between HTA and trypsin was studied by molecular modeling. We found that plenty of hydrogen bonds and electrostatic interactions can be formed between the supposed binding sites of HTA-b and the active site of trypsin, and that a stable HTA/trypsin complex can be formed. The results above imply that HTA might be a bifunctional protein with carbohydrate-binding activity and trypsin inhibitory activity. Moreover, Northern blotting analysis demonstrated that hta is predominantly expressed in tubers of H. tuberosus, very weakly expressed in stems, but not expressed at all in other tissues. Southern blotting analysis indicated that hta is encoded by a multi-gene family. The insect resistance traits have been described in another paper.
Background: Recently identified porcine circovirus-like virus P1 has the smallest DNA viral genome. In this study, we identified the viral genes and their corresponding mRNA transcripts. Results: The RNAs of P1, synthesized in porcine kidney cells, were examined with northern blotting and PCR analyses. Eight virus-specific RNAs were detected. Four mRNAs (open reading frames (ORFs) 1, 2, 4, and 5) are encoded by the viral (-) strand and four (ORFs 3, 6, 7, and 8) are encoded by the viral (+) strand. All proteins encoded by the ORFs of the P1 virus are less than 50 amino acids in length, except that encoded by ORF1 (113 amino acids). Conclusions: We show a very complex viral transcription pattern in P1-infected cells.
Renal fibrosis is a progressive pathological change characterized by tubular cell apoptosis, tubulointerstitial fibroblast proliferation, and excessive deposition of extracellular matrix (ECM). miR-21 has been implicated in transforming growth factor- (TGF-)-stimulated tissue fibrosis. Recent studies showed that sphingosine kinase/sphingosine-1-phosphate (SphK/S1P) are also critical for TGF--stimulated tissue fibrosis; however, it is not clear whether SphK/S1P interacts with miR-21 or not. In this study, we hypothesized that SphK/S1P signaling is linked to upregulation of miR-21 by TGF-. To verify this hypothesis, we first determined that miR-21 was highly expressed in renal tubular epithelial cells (TECs) stimulated with TGF- by using qRT-PCR and Northern blotting. Simultaneously, inhibition of miR-21, mediated by the corresponding antimir, markedly decreased the expression and deposition of type I collagen, fibronectin (Fn), cysteine-rich protein 61 (CCN1), -smooth muscle actin, and fibroblast-specific protein1 in TGF--treated TECs. ELISA and qRT-PCR were used to measure the S1P and SphK1 levels in TECs. S1P production was induced by TGF- through activation of SphK1. Furthermore, it was observed that TGF--stimulated upregulation of miR-21 was abolished by SphK1 siRNA and was restored by the addition of exogenous S1P. Blocking S1PR(2) also inhibited upregulation of miR-21. Additionally, miR-21 overexpression attenuated the repression of TGF--stimulated ECM deposition and epithelial-mesenchymal transition by SphK1 and S1PR(2) siRNA. In summary, our study demonstrates a link between SphK1/S1P and TGF--induced miR-21 in renal TECs and may represent a novel therapeutic target in renal fibrosis.
The pleiotropic drug resistance 5 gene (pdr5) encodes a multidrug membrane transporter and plays a very important role in the efflux of a broad range of chemicals in yeast cells. To study the possible function of pdr5 in insect cells, two stably pdr5-transformed lepidopteran insect cell lines, Sf21 and CF-203, were developed. Transcripts of pdr5 were detected in these two lines using Northern blotting and RT-PCR analysis. When cells were treated with the protein synthesis inhibitor diacetoxyscirpenol, the transformed Sf21. and CF-203 cell lines showed increased tolerance to this chemical. However, unlike in yeast cells, ecdysone agonist RH5992 could not be excluded by PDR5, probably because of low expression levels or imperfect incorporation of the recombinant protein in these transformed cell lines.
RNA interference (RNAi) involves the degradation of homologous mRNA sequences in organisms and is induced by double-stranded RNA (dsRNA). We have constructed three hairpin RNA (hpRNA) prokaryotic expression vectors derived from the 5' region, the middle region and the 3' region of the Nuclear inclusion protein b (NIb) gene, and then expressed these in M-JM109lacY. Resistance analyses and Northern blotting showed that different hpRNAs had different abilities to protect tobacco plants from infection with Potato virus Y (PVY) and that this resistance was RNA-mediated.
Background: Aeluropus lagopoides is a salt and drought tolerant grass from Poaceae family, distributed widely in arid regions. There is almost no information about the genetics or genome of this close relative of wheat that stands harsh conditions of deserts. Objectives: The main aim of this research was to isolation and characterization of salt and drought inducible genes from A. lagopoides by Differential Display Amplified fragment length polymorphism (DD-AFLP) method. Material and Methods: In this research A. lagopoides was grown under salt or drought conditions and after modifying the DD-AFLP method several fragments were isolated and after nomination their induction was studied by reverse northern blotting. Results: DD-AFLP led to the improvement of a non-radioactive method for which many parameters were optimized. Having screened approximately 1600 transcript-derived fragments, 1.4 percent of them showed varied expression levels in response to high salt or drought treatments. The relative abundance of twenty one selected differentially expressed fragments was inspected by reverse northern blotting that affirmed the potential of this applied method. Sequence comparisons revealed that some of the isolated genes are involved in osmotic adjustment, regulation of transcription, cation transportation and stress responses. These data clearly show that the modified DD-AFLP method was a successful and reliable approach for the isolation of differentially expressed genes.
PURPOSE. To investigate the role of the serine/threonine kinase SIK2, a member of the saltinducible kinase (SIK) family, in insulin-dependent cell survival and hyperglycemia-induced cell death in Muller glia. METHODS. Expression studies were performed by RT-PCR, immunostaining, Northern blotting, and immunoblotting. Insulin-dependent changes in SIK2 activity were investigated by in vitro kinase assays in MIO-M1 Muller cell line. Akt activation was studied by immunoblotting and cell death by TUNEL assay. The potential role of SIK2 in insulin signaling was explored by overexpression and sh-RNA knock-down approaches. Effects of hyperglycemia were studied in vitro and in vivo in streptozotocin-injected rats. RESULTS. SIK2 expression was detected throughout adult retina, except for the outer nuclear layer. Insulin stimulation of MIO-M1 cells resulted in a rapid 2-fold increase of SIK2 activity, increased insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS1)-SIK2 interaction, and reduced cell death. pAkt levels following insulin treatment were modulated by SIK2 activity. Under hyperglycemia, increased SIK2 activity/expression was concomitant to decreased Akt activation and enhanced apoptosis; whereas knockdown of SIK2 under normo-and hyperglycemic conditions resulted in a rapid increase in pAkt levels and blunted cell death. SIK2 overexpression under normoglycemia had an opposite effect. SIK2 activity increased significantly within 2 weeks of induction of hyperglycemia in the rat retina. CONCLUSIONS. Results indicate that SIK2 functions as a negative modulator of the insulindependent survival pathway and contributes to hyperglycemia-induced cell death of Muller glia in vitro. Although still hypothetical at this point, our study suggests that SIK2 could serve a similar role during the development of diabetic retinopathy in vivo and that it represents a potential target to control disease progression.
We investigated the effects of embryonic temperature (ET) treatments (22, 26 and 31 degrees C) on the life-time recruitment of fast myotomal muscle fibres in zebrafish Danio rerio L. reared at 26/27 degrees C from hatching. Fast muscle fibres were produced until 25 mm total length (TL) at 22 degrees C ET, 28 mm TL at 26 degrees C ET and 23 mm TL at 31 degrees C ET. The final fibre number (FFN) showed an optimum at 26 degrees C ET (3600) and was 19% and 14% higher than for the 22 degrees C ET (3000) and 31 C ET (3100) treatments, respectively. Further growth to the maximum TL of similar to 48mm only involved fibre hypertrophy. Microarray experiments were used to determine global changes in microRNA (miRNA) and mRNA expression associated with the transition from the hyperplasic myotube-producing phenotype (M(+), 10-12 mm TL) to the hypertrophic growth phenotype (M(-), 28-31 mm TL) in fish reared at 26-27 degrees C over the whole life-cycle. The expression of miRNAs and mRNAs obtained from microarray experiments was validated by northern blotting and real-time qPCR in independent samples of fish with the M(+) and M(-) phenotype. Fourteen down-regulated and 15 up-regulated miRNAs were identified in the M- phenotype together with 34 down-regulated and 30 up-regulated mRNAs (>2-fold; P<0.05). The two most abundant categories of down-regulated genes in the M- phenotype encoded contractile proteins (23.5%) and sarcomeric structural/cytoskeletal proteins (14.7%). In contrast, the most highly represented up-regulated transcripts in the M(-) phenotype were energy metabolism (26.7%) and immune-related (20.0%) genes. The latter were mostly involved in cell-cell interactions and cytokine pathways and included beta-2-microglobulin precursor (b2m), an orthologue of complement component 4, invariant chain-like protein 1 (iclp), CD9 antigen-like (cd9l), and tyrosine kinase, non-receptor (tnk2). Five myosin heavy chain genes that were down-regulated in the M- phenotype formed part of a tandem repeat on chromosome 5 and were shown by in situ hybridisation to be specifically expressed in nascent myofibres. Seven up-regulated miRNAs in the M- phenotype showed reciprocal expression with seven mRNA targets identified in miRBase Targets version 5 (http://microrna.sanger.ac.uk/targets/v5/), including asporin (aspn) which was the target for four miRNAs. Eleven down-regulated miRNAs in the M- phenotype had predicted targets for seven up-regulated genes, including dre-miR-181c which had five predicted mRNA targets. These results provide evidence that miRNAs play a role in regulating the transition from the M(+) to the M- phenotype and identify some of the genes and regulatory interactions involved.
As a precursor of the major yolk protein vitellin (Vn), vitellogenin (Vg) has been studied in crustacean for decades, mainly in shrimp. However, little is known about the Vg molecule in crabs. In the present study, we report a cDNA encoding Vg in the marine crab Portunus trituberculatus, an important commercial species in aquaculture. The cDNA sequence is 7846 bp in length, containing a 7680 bp open reading frame, that encodes 2560 amino acid residues. The deduced amino acid sequence showed 32-75% identity with other known crustacean Vgs. Seven potential cleavage sites (RXXR) were identified in the deduced Vg precursor. SDS-PAGE and Westem blotting analysis demonstrated that Vns in the ovary of the mature crab consisted of three major polypeptides (102, 100 and 85 kDa). Northern blotting analysis revealed that Vg was mainly expressed in hepatopancreas in vitellogensis females. A Vg transcript was also identified in the ovary of the crab by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction analysis. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All fights reserved.
Background Although it has been well established that atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted (ANPS(-/-)) mice are a useful model of salt-sensitive hypertension, surprisingly little is known about the control of their intrarenal renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and pressure-natriuresis mechanism, key components in blood pressure, fluid and electrolyte regulation. The aim of this study was to determine whether ANP disruption results in changes in the renal and adrenal local RAS and the acute pressure natriuresis mechanism. Methods Renal and adrenal renin, angiotensin type 1 (AT(1))((A and B)) and angiotensin type 2 (AT(2)) receptor messenger RNA expression levels were determined by northern blotting or real time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction. Plasma aldosterone and renal and adrenal angiotensin II peptide levels were determined by radioimmunoassay. To examine the acute pressure natriuresis response, changes in renal interstitial hydrostatic pressure (RIHP) were assessed after manipulations of renal arterial pressure (RAP) in anaesthetized mice. Results Renal and adrenal renin mRNA and angiotensin II levels were lower in ANPS(-/-) and (+/-) mice compared with (+/+) mice. ANP(-/-) mice also had greater renal AT(1A) and adrenal AT2 mRNA levels compared with the other genotypes. RAP and RIHP were significantly higher in (-/-) mice compared with (+/+) mice. Furthermore, there was a blunted slope of the RAP-RIHP relationship after increases in RAP in ANP(-/-) mice. Conclusion These data indicate that ANP disruption results in a blunting of the dynamic properties of the acute pressure-natriuresis mechanism at increased levels of RAP, as well as a reduced expression of renal and adrenal local RAS.
Trypsin has been documented in a variety of species including both vertebrates and invertebrates, but little is known about it in amphioxus, a model organism for insights into the origin and evolution of vertebrates. Here we identified a trypsin gene in Branchiostoma japonicum. The cDNA was 978 bp long with an ORF encoding a deduced protein of 272 amino acids. The deduced protein had an N-terminal signal peptide of 15 amino acids, a 16 activation peptide with the typical cleavage site Arg/Ile, a Tryp_SPc domain with the catalytic triad His(72)-Asp(118)-Ser(215) and the S1 substrate binding residue Asp(209), which are all characteristic of trypsinogens. The recombinant trypsin protein was able to hydrolyse the trypsin prototypic substrate BAEE, which was inhibited by the trypsin-specific inhibitor soybean trypsin inhibitor. Both northern blotting and tissue-section in situ hybridization demonstrated that trypsin gene was expressed in a tissue-specific manner, with most abundant levels in the hepatic caecum, mid-gut and ovary. And the whole mount in situ hybridization showed that it began to express in the middle third of the full-length primitive gut in 2-day larvae, where the hepatic caecum will form later during development. Phylogenetic analysis indicated that both amphioxus and ascidian trypsins are more closer to each other than to vertebrate trypsins, suggesting a continuous evolutionary divergence of vertebrate trypsins after split from protochordate/vertebrate common ancestor.
Lanzhou lily (Lilium davidii var. unicolor) with symptoms of severe fasciation or dwarfing was observed in the central region of Gansu province, and the disease caused a serious loss in production of the bulb edible crop. In order to determine possible virus infections involved in the described disease, a set of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays and immunoelectron microscopy had been performed to test the naturally infected plants. A mixed infection which includes Lily symptomless virus (LSV: Flexiviridae, Carlavirus), Cucumber mosaic virus (CMV: Bromoviridae, Cucumovirus) and Lily mottle virus (LMoV: Potyviridae; Potyvirus) has been confirmed by serologic and morphologic evidences. The subsequent thin sectioning observation with a transmission electron microscope on different tissues from infected samples showed that cytopathologic damages happened. Total RNA extracted from different tissues of infected plants was used in the Northern-blotting assays with probes of coat protein gene of each virus, then hybridization data showed a symptomatic infection of related virus. Thus, the study gives reliable serologic, morphologic, cytopathologic and molecular evidences for the diagnosis of the systemic infections. This study is hoped to be useful in prevention of certain viral diseases and to increase the quality and production of this crop in the future.
Object. Because of toxicity at high concentrations, nitric oxide (NO) contributes to spinal cord injury (SCI) secondary lesions. At low concentrations NO modulates nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B) activation. The authors investigated the activity of neuronal and endothelial NO synthase (nNOS and eNOS) to determine correlations with NF-kappa B activation and inducible NOS (iNOS) expression soon after SCI. Methods. In 48 adult male Wistar rats clip-based (50 g/mm(2)/10 seconds) SCI was induced, and spinal cords were removed at different intervals for the following evaluations: 1) assaying specific activity of nNOS and eNOS; 2) electrophoresis mobility shift assay for activated NF-kappa B, 3) Northern blotting for iNOS; 4) immunohistochemistry for iNOS and NF-kappa B; and 5) immunofluorescence for iNOS and NF-kappa B. At 15 minutes postinjury, eNOS activity decreased significantly (p < 0.001). as did nNOS activity at 1 hour compared with these levels in control animals and rats killed at 15 and 30 minutes after SCI (p < 0.001). Basal NF-kappa B levels were variable in controls and at 15 and 30 minutes after injury. One hour postinjury, NF-kappa B activation was diffuse. Inducible NOS messenger RNA localized diffusely, peaking 6 hours after injury and remaining stable until 24 hours postinjury. Immunohistochemical analysis showed diffuse iNOS and NF-kappa B staining, especially in neurons inside and around the lesion. Immunofluorescence demonstrated that injured neurons were a source of NF-kappa B and iNOS soon after injury. Conclusions. Both nNOS and eNOS exhibited different regulation and roles soon after injury: nNOS correlated with NF-kappa B activation, whereas eNOS may have participated in vascular changes of the injured spinal cord. Neurons seemed to play a pivotal role in modulating and amplifying the inflammatory response in the injured spinal cord.
Heat shock factor 1 (HSF1) is the major heat shock transcription factor and plays an essential role in mediating the cellular response to physiological and environmental stress. We found that LPS-induced expression of the granulocyte-colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) gene was upregulated in HSF1 knock-out (HSF1(-/-)) mice using a gene array. In order to determine whether and how HSF1 regulates the induced expression of G-CSF, mRNA, and protein levels of G-CSF were detected by Northern blotting and ELISA, the promoter of G-CSF was analyzed with an online transcription element search system and the transcriptional activity of the G-CSF promoter was analyzed by EMSA and a reporter gene assay. The results showed that transcription and protein secretion of G-CSF induced by LPS are both inhibited by HSF1. Three high affinity binding sites for NF-IL6/CCAAT enhancer binding protein beta, but no heat shock element, were identified in the core promoter of G-CSF. The DNA-binding capability of NF-IL6 to the G-CSF promoter was reinforced by LPS but not influenced by heat shock or HSF1. However, HSF1 was observed to bind to the binding sites of NF-IL6 in the G-CSF promoter. The transcriptional activity of the G-CSF promoter was enhanced by LPS or NF-IL6 and inhibited by HSF1 in a dose dependent manner. We conclude that HSF1 regulates expression of G-CSF through binding to the NF-IL6-binding element.
Background and Objectives: Early growth response-1 is a nuclear transcription factor implicated in regulating cell proliferation. Fibroblast growth factor-1 is the prototypic fibroblast growth factor involved in the proliferation and differentiation of various cell types. Expression of early growth response-1 induced by fibroblast growth factor-1 thus may be very important for cell growth, during both development and wound healing in oral tissue. However, little is known about the expression and kinetics of early growth response-1 in fibroblast growth factor-1-stimulated oral cells. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of fibroblast growth factor-1 on the expression of early growth response-1 in human periodontal ligament cells. Material and Methods: Periodontal ligament cells were cultured in medium containing 1, 10 or 100 ng/mL of fibroblast growth factor-1 for 45 min or with 10 ng/mL of fibroblast growth factor-1 for 15, 30, 45, 60 or 120 min. The proliferation of periodontal ligament cells was evaluated by measuring 5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine incorporation. The expression of early growth response-1 mRNA and protein, and the localization of early growth response-1 protein, were examined by western blotting, northern blotting and immunocytostaining. Results: 5-Bromo-2'-deoxyuridine incorporation correlated directly with increases in fibroblast growth factor-1 concentration, and 5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine incorporation peaked 45 min after starting treatment. Early growth response-1 protein was expressed in response to a concentration of fibroblast growth factor-1 as low as 1 ng. Peak expression of early growth response-1 mRNA was observed at 15 min and that of early growth response-1 protein at 60 min. The 140-kDa early growth response-1 protein was not detected in the nuclear fraction, and the peak expression of the 80-kDa early growth response-1 protein occurred at 60 min. Early growth response-1 localized in or around the nucleus at 30 min. Conclusion: These results show that a concentration of fibroblast growth factor-1 as low as 1 ng induces the expression of early growth response-1 protein, and that the 80-kDa early growth response-1 protein functions in the nucleus of periodontal ligament cells treated with fibroblast growth factor-1.
The complete nucleotide sequence of polyprotein gene 1 and the assembled full-length genome sequence are presented for turkey coronavirus (TCoV) isolates 540 and ATCC. The TCoV polyprotein gene encoded two open reading frames (ORFs), which are translated into two products, pp1a and pp1ab, the latter being produced via - 1 frameshift translation. TCoV polyprotein pp1a and pp1ab were predicted to be processed to 15 non-structure proteins (nsp2-nsp16), with nsp1 missing. ClustalW analysis revealed 88.99% identity and 96.99% similarity for pp1ab between TCoV and avian infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) at the amino acid level. The whole genome consists of 27,749 nucleotides for 540 and 27,816 nucleotides for ATCC, excluding the poly(A) tail. A total of 13 ORFs were predicted for TCoV. Five subgenomic RNAs were detected from ATCC-infected turkey small intestines by Northern blotting. The whole genome sequence had 86.9% identity between TCoV and IBV, supporting that TCoV is a group 3 coronavirus. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
We have previously shown that there is high Na(+)/Ca(2+) exchange (NCX) activity in bovine adrenal chromaffin cells. In this study, by monitoring the [Ca(2+)](i) change in single cells and in a population of chromaffin cells, when the reverse mode of exchanger activity has been initiated, we have shown that the NCX activity is enhanced by K(+). The K(+)-enhanced activity accounted for a significant proportion of the Na(+)-dependent Ca(2+) uptake activity in the chromaffin cells. The results support the hypothesis that both NCX and Na(+)/Ca(2+)-K(+) exchanger (NCKX) are co-present in chromaffin cells. The expression of NCKX in chromaffin cells was further confirmed using PCR and northern blotting. In addition to the plasma membrane, the exchanger activity, measured by Na(+)-dependent (45)Ca(2+) uptake, was also present in membrane isolated from the chromaffin granules enriched fraction and the mitochondria enriched fraction. The results support that both NCX and NCKX are present in bovine chromaffin cells and that the regulation of [Ca(2+)](i) is probably more efficient with the participation of NCKX.
The mRNA differential display technique was used to identify genes from Habanero pepper (Capsicum chinense Jacq.) seedlings whose expression is modified systemically by infection with the oomycete Phytophthora capsici L. Experiments with different oligonucleotide primer combinations revealed that no single gene was synthesised de nova. Instead, the quantitative accumulation of multiple transcripts was found. From these transcripts, levels of a nitrate reductase (Capsicum chinense nitrate reductase, CcNR), which has a high percentage of identity with other Solanaceae NRs, showed a consistent increase a few hours after inoculation (hai) with P capsici. Reverse northern blotting revealed the existence of basal levels of CcNR transcripts in different adult tissues; however, systemic levels rose dramatically after spraying seedlings with salicylic acid (SA) and ethephon (ET) but not with methyl jasmonate (MeJa). Both P capsici and defence phytohormones (DP) also modified NR enzymatic activity (nitrite:NAD(+) oxidoreductase; EC 1.7.1.1) with similar kinetics. Because the application of DP induced and activated the CcNR differentially, it is possible that the activity of CcNR is related to a specific host defence response. (C) 2011 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Potato is one of the main targets for genetic improvement by gene transfer. The aim of the present study was to establish a robust protocol for the genetic transformation of three dihaploid and four economically important cultivars of potato using Agrobacterium tumefaciens carrying the in vivo screenable reporter gene for green fluorescent protein (gfp) and the marker gene for neomycin phosphotransferase (nptII). Stem and leaf explants were used for transformation by Agrobacterium tumefaciens strain LBA4404 carrying the binary vector pHB2892. Kanamycin selection, visual screening of GFP by epifluorescent microscopy, PCR amplification of nptII and gfp genes, as well as RT-PCR and Southern blotting of gfp and Northern blotting of nptII, were used for transgenic plant selection, identification and analysis. Genetic transformation was optimized for the best performing genotypes with a mean number of shoots expressing gfp per explant of 13 and 2 (dihaploid line 178/10 and cv. 'Baltica', respectively). The nptII marker and gfp reporter genes permitted selection and excellent visual screening of transgenic tissues and plants. They also revealed the effects of antibiotic selection on organogenesis and transformation frequency, and the identification of escapes and chimeras in all potato genotypes. Silencing of the gfp transgene that may represent site-specific inactivation during cell differentiation, occurred in some transgenic shoots of tetraploid cultivars and in specific chimeric clones of the dihaploid line 178/10. The regeneration of escapes could be attributed to either the protection of non-transformed cells by neighbouring transgenic cells, or the persistence of Agrobacterium cells in plant tissues after co-cultivation.
We carried out molecular analyses of the novel flaky skin mutation, Ttc7(fsn-Jic) (a synonym for fsn(Jic)), which we found in a previous study. It was revealed that this mutation involved a genomic in-frame deletion including exons 9 and 10 of the Ttc7 gene, and that the genomic deletion in Ttc7(fsn-Jic) may disrupt the tetratricopeptide repeat-2B domain of the TTC7 protein. Based on a comparison of three Ttc7 mutations, including Ttc7(fsn-J) (a synonym for fsn) and Ttc7(fsn-hea) (a synonym for hea), it was suggested that either exon 9 or exon 10 or both may play a more important role than the other exons of the Ttc7 gene. Ttc7 gene expression analyses using Northern blotting revealed that Ttc7 mRNA is expressed in 11 tissues, except muscle. In conclusion, we confirmed that the Ttc7(fsn-Jic) mutation, as well as the Ttc7(fsn-J) and Ttc7(fsn-hea) mutations, is responsible for abnormal phenotypes observed in various tissues of mice with the flaky skin mutation.
pSK41 is a prototypical 46-kb conjugative multiresistance plasmid of Staphylococcus aureus. The pSK41 replication initiation protein (Rep) is rate-limiting for plasmid replication, and its expression is negatively regulated by a small, non-coding antisense transcript, RNAI, that is complementary to the rep mRNA leader region. In this study, enzymatic probing was used to verify the predicted secondary structures of RNAI and its target RNA. We demonstrated that two stem-loop structures of RNAI, SLRNAI-II and SLRNAI-III, were important for inhibition. A putative U-turn motif detected in the loop of SLrep-I (5'-UUGG-3') was analysed for its significance to RNAI-mediated inhibition in vivo and Northern blotting suggested that rep mRNA was processed. Taken together, these observations support our previously proposed model but also raise new questions about the replication control mechanism. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The transcription factor encoded by the gene Knotted1 is a nuclear homeodomain protein, regulating meristematic cells at the shoot apical meristem. It has been demonstrated that Knotted1 (KN1) expression specifies stem cell fate in adventitious shoot induction in herbaceous plants. This gene may thus potentially identify the initiation of meristem development in adventitious shoot induction in difficult-to-regenerate plants such as Prunoideae. We isolated an almond (Prunus dulcis Mill.) KN1-type gene using degenerate primers targeting the most conserved regions of Knotted1 gene. The 5' and 3' ends of the isolated sequence were obtained by rapid amplification of cDNA ends-polymerase chain reaction (RACE-PCR), and the gene was named P. dulcis Knotted1-like (PdKn1). PdKn1 transcripts were detected by reverse transcription (RT)-PCR mainly in shoot apical and axillary meristems. The RT-PCR and RT-quantitative PCR PdKn1 expression in almond leaf explants was found to anticipate the organization of adventitious shoot meristems. Apricot RNA isolated from induced leaf explants cross-hybridized with the almond probe PdKn1 in Northern blotting. We suggest that almond PdKn1 may be a useful marker to study the adventitious regeneration system by revealing the potential organogenic conditions, not only in almond but also in other Prunoideae.
Impairment in daily functioning still represents a major treatment issue in schizophrenia and a more in-depth knowledge of underlying constructs is crucial for interventions to translate into better outcomes. This study aims to model factors influencing both functional capacity and real-life behaviour in a sample of outpatients with chronic schizophrenia, through a comprehensive assessment including evaluations of psychopathology, cognitive and social cognitive abilities, premorbid adjustment, family environment and early childhood experiences. No significant correlation was observed between functional capacity and real-life behaviour. Functional capacity was significantly predicted by IQ, while real-life behaviour was significantly predicted by empathy, affect recognition and symptoms. Functional capacity seems mainly related to neurocognition, whereas real-life behaviour appears more complex, requiring the integration of different factors including symptoms, with a major role of empathy. Results thus support a divergence between the two constructs of functioning and their underlying components and highlight the need to target both dimensions through individualized sequential rehabilitation programs in order to optimize functional outcome.
Information sharing is an integral part of human interaction that serves to build social relationships and affects attitudes and behaviors in individuals and large groups. We present a unifying neurocognitive framework of mechanisms underlying information sharing at scale (virality). We argue that expectations regarding self-related and social consequences of sharing (e.g., in the form of potential for self-enhancement or social approval) are integrated into a domain-general value signal that encodes the value of sharing a piece of information. This value signal translates into population-level virality. In two studies (n = 41 and 39 participants), we tested these hypotheses using functional neuroimaging. Neural activity in response to 80 New York Times articles was observed in theory-driven regions of interest associated with value, self, and social cognitions. This activity then was linked to objectively logged population-level data encompassing n = 117,611 internet shares of the articles. In both studies, activity in neural regions associated with self-related and social cognition was indirectly related to population-level sharing through increased neural activation in the brain's value system. Neural activity further predicted population-level outcomes over and above the variance explained by article characteristics and commonly used self-report measures of sharing intentions. This parsimonious framework may help advance theory, improve predictive models, and inform new approaches to effective intervention. More broadly, these data shed light on the core functions of sharing-to express ourselves in positive ways and to strengthen our social bonds.
Animals domesticated for working closely with humans (e.g. dogs) have been shown to be remarkable in adjusting their behaviour to human attentional stance. However, there is little evidence for this form of information perception in species domesticated for production rather than companionship. We tested domestic ungulates (goats) for their ability to differentiate attentional states of humans. In the first experiment, we investigated the effect of body and head orientation of one human experimenter on approach behaviour by goats. Test subjects (N = 24) significantly changed their behaviour when the experimenter turned its back to the subjects, but did not take into account head orientation alone. In the second experiment, goats (N = 24) could choose to approach one of two experimenters, while only one was paying attention to them. Goats preferred to approach humans that oriented their body and head towards the subject, whereas head orientation alone had no effect on choice behaviour. In the third experiment, goats (N = 32) were transferred to a separate test arena and were rewarded for approaching two experimenters providing a food reward during training trials. In subsequent probe test trials, goats had to choose between the two experimenters differing in their attentional states. Like in Experiments 1 and 2, goats did not show a preference for the attentive person when the inattentive person turned her head away from the subject. In this last experiment, goats preferred to approach the attentive person compared to a person who closed their eyes or covered the whole face with a blind. However, goats showed no preference when one person covered only the eyes. Our results show that animals bred for production rather than companionship show differences in their approach and choice behaviour depending on human attentive state. However, our results contrast with previous findings regarding the use of the head orientation to attribute attention and show the importance of cross-validating results.
Expectation of reward can be shaped by the observation of actions and expressions of other people in one's environment. A person's apparent confidence in the likely reward of an action, for instance, makes qualities of their evidence, not observed directly, socially accessible. This strategy is computationally distinguished from associative learning methods that rely on direct observation, by its use of inference from indirect evidence. In twenty-three healthy human subjects, we isolated effects of first-hand experience, other people's choices, and the mediating effect of their confidence, on decision-making and neural correlates of value within ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC). Value derived from first-hand experience and other people's choices (regardless of confidence) were indiscriminately represented across vmPFC. However, value computed from agent choices weighted by their associated confidence was represented with specificity for ventromedial area 10. This pattern corresponds to shifts of connectivity and overlapping cognitive processes along a posterior-anterior vmPFC axis. Task behavior and self-reported self-reliance for decision-making in other social contexts correlated. The tendency to conform in other social contexts corresponded to increased activation in cortical regions previously shown to respond to social conflict in proportion to subsequent conformity (Campbell-Meiklejohn et al., 2010). The tendency to self-monitor predicted a selectively enhanced response to accordance with others in the right temporoparietal junction (rTPJ). The findings anatomically decompose vmPFC value representations according to computational requirements and provide biological insight into the social transmission of preference and reassurance gained from the confidence of others.
Recent embodied theories of meaning known as 'simulation semantics' posit that language comprehension engages, or even amounts to, mental simulation. What is meant here by 'language comprehension', however, deviates from the perspectives on interpersonal communication adhered to by researchers in social psychology and interactional linguistics. In this paper, we outline four alternative perspectives on comprehension in spoken interaction, each of which highlights factors that have remained largely outside the current purview of simulation theories. These include perspectives on language comprehension in terms of (i) striving for inter-subjective conformity; (ii) recognition of communicative intentions; (iii) prediction and anticipation in a dynamic environment; and (iv) integration of multimodal cues. By contrasting these views with simulation theories of comprehension, we outline a number of fundamental differences in terms of the kind of process comprehension is assumed to be (passive and event-like versus active and continuous), as well as the kind of stimulus that language is assumed to be (comprising unimodal units versus being multimodal and distributed across conversational turns). Finally, we discuss potential points of connection between simulation semantics and research on spoken interaction, and touch on some methodological implications of an interactive and multimodal reappraisal of simulation semantics.
Kidd and Castano (in press) critique our failure to replicate Kidd and Castano (2013) on 3 grounds: failure to exclude people who did not read the texts, failure of random assignment, and failure to exclude people who did not take the Author Recognition Test (ART). This response addresses each of these critiques. Most importantly, we note that even when Kidd and Castano reanalyzed our data in the way that they argue is most appropriate, they still failed to replicate the pattern of results reported in their original study. We thus reaffirm that our replication of Kidd and Castano (2013) found no evidence that literary fiction uniquely and immediately improves theory of mind. Our objective remains not to prove that reading literary fiction does not benefit social cognition, but to call for in- depth research addressing the difficulties in measuring any potential effect and to note the need to temper claims accordingly. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.
Purpose: A subgroup of individuals with anorexia nervosa (AN) displays social difficulties; however, it is not clear if individuals with comorbid autism spectrum disorders account for these difficulties. Methods: We compared social function using the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule in 43 young females with first-episode AN who did not have comorbid autism spectrum disorder, 28 individuals recovered from adolescent-onset AN, and 41 healthy comparison individuals (age range 14-22 years). We measured adaptive behavior with the Vineland-II parent questionnaire, and aspects of social cognition with psychological tests, such as the Reading-the-Mind-in-the-Eyes test, Profile of Nonverbal Sensitivity short version, The Awareness of Social Inference Test, Animated Triangles, and the CANTAB Affective Go/No-go task. Results: Participants with first-episode AN and those recovered from AN displayed difficulties in social function, which were not associated with body mass index or other state factors of the disorder in those with first-episode AN. Mood problems and anxiety were not associated with these difficulties. Parents rated participants with first-episode AN lower than recovered and control participants on the Socialization Domain of Vineland-II. Finally, only participants recovered from AN demonstrated deficits in specific domains of social cognition: perceiving nonverbal bodily gesture and vocal prosody. Conclusions: Young females with first-episode AN and those recovered from AN displayed impairments in social function, which may represent more stable traits of the disorder. Only participants recovered from AN demonstrated deficits in social cognition. (C) 2016 Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine. All rights reserved.
ObjectiveThis study aims to evaluate the theory of mind ability in a sample of obese patients with and without binge eating disorder (BED) and to explore the correlations between emotional and clinical assessments. MethodsOverall, 20 non-BED, 16 under-threshold BED and 22 BED obese patients completed a battery of tests assessing social cognition and eating disorder psychopathology. ResultsBinge eating disorder, non-BED and under-threshold-BED obese patients showed similar ability to recognise others' emotions, but BED obese patients exhibited a deficit in recognising their own emotions as demonstrated by more impaired levels of alexithymia and interoceptive awareness and were more depressed. High positive correlations were evident between binging, depression, interoceptive awareness and alexithymia. ConclusionsBinge eating disorder patients have a comparable ability to understand others' emotions but a more impaired capacity to understand and code their own emotions compared with non-BED obese patients. This impairment is highly correlated with depression. Copyright (c) 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and Eating Disorders Association.
A recently emerging view in music cognition holds that music is not only social and participatory in its production, but also in its perception, i.e. that music is in fact perceived as the sonic trace of social relations between a group of real or virtual agents. While this view appears compatible with a number of intriguing music cognitive phenomena, such as the links between beat entrainment and prosocial behaviour or between strong musical emotions and empathy, direct evidence is lacking that listeners are at all able to use the acoustic features of a musical interaction to infer the affiliatory or controlling nature of an underlying social intention. We created a novel experimental situation in which we asked expert music improvisers to communicate 5 types of non-musical social intentions, such as being domineering, disdainful or conciliatory, to one another solely using musical interaction. Using a combination of decoding studies, computational and psychoacoustical analyses, we show that both musically-trained and non musically-trained listeners can recognize relational intentions encoded in music, and that this social cognitive ability relies, to a sizeable extent, on the information processing of acoustic cues of temporal and harmonic coordination that are not present in any one of the musicians' channels, but emerge from the dynamics of their interaction. By manipulating these cues in two-channel audio recordings and testing their impact on the social judgements of non-musician observers, we finally establish a causal relationship between the affiliation dimension of social behaviour and musical harmonic coordination on the one hand, and between the control dimension and musical temporal coordination On the other hand. These results provide novel mechanistic insights not only into the social cognition of musical interactions, but also into that of non-verbal interactions as a whole. (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Hostile attribution bias (e.g., tendency to interpret the intention of others as hostile in ambiguous social contexts) has been associated with impulsive aggression in adults, but the results are mixed and the complete sequence of hostile inferential processes leading to aggression has not been investigated yet. The goal of this event-related brain potentials (ERPs) study was to track the neural activity associated with the violation of expectations about hostile versus nonhostile intentions in aggressive and nonaggressive individuals and examine how this neural activity relates to self-reported hostile attributional bias and impulsive aggression in real life. To this end, scenarios with a hostile versus nonhostile social context followed by a character's ambiguous aversive behavior were presented to readers, and ERPs to critical words that specified the hostile versus nonhostile intent behind the behavior were analysed. Thirty-seven aggressive and fifty nonaggressive individuals participated in the study. The presentation of a critical word that violated hostile expectation caused an N400 response that was significantly larger in aggressive than nonaggressive individuals. Results also showed an enhanced late positive potential-like component in aggressive individuals when hostile intention scenarios took place in a nonhostile context, which is associated with impulsive aggression in real life even after having controlled for the effect of self-reported hostile attributional bias. The Hostile Expectancy Violation paradigm evaluated in this study represents a promising tool to investigate the relationship between the online processing of hostile intent in others and impulsive aggression. Aggr. Behav. 43:217-229, 2017. (c) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Introduction: Although social cognition skills and biases are well-studied in paranoia, "mind perception" - perceiving the extent to which someone even possesses a thinking, feeling mind - is not. We sought to better characterise the profile of mind perception for individuals with paranoia. Methods: We examined links between mind perception and paranoia in a large (n = 890) subclinical sample. Participants completed measures of paranoia, schizotypy, mind perception, and dispositional empathy. These assessments were examined for their relationships to one another, as well as the possibility that mind perception partially mediates the relationship between paranoia and empathy. Results: Analyses revealed that increased paranoia was linked to less mind perception towards people. This distorted mind perception partially explained the link between paranoia and both perspective taking and empathic concern. Conclusions: In paranoia - and psychopathology more broadly understanding and addressing distorted mind perception may be one component of restoring social functioning.
The swarm cognitive behavior of bees readily translates to swarm intelligence with "social cognition," thus giving rise to the rapid promotion of survival skills and resource allocation. This paper presents a novel cognitively inspired artificial bee colony clustering (ABCC) algorithm with a clustering evaluation model to manage the energy consumption in cognitive wireless sensor networks (CWSNs). The ABCC algorithm can optimally align with the dynamics of the sensor nodes and cluster heads in CWSNs. These sensor nodes and cluster heads adapt to topological changes in the network graph over time. One of the major challenges with employing CWSNs is to maximize the lifetime of the networks. The ABCC algorithm is able to reduce and balance the energy consumption of nodes across the networks. Artificial bee colony (ABC) optimization is attractive for this application as the cognitive behaviors of artificial bees match perfectly with the intrinsic dynamics in cognitive wireless sensor networks. Additionally, it employs fewer control parameters compared to other heuristic algorithms, making identification of optimal parameter settings easier. Simulation results illustrate that the ABCC algorithm outperforms particle swarm optimisation (PSO), group search optimization (GSO), low-energy adaptive clustering hierarchy (LEACH), LEACH-centralized (LEACH-C), and hybrid energy-efficient distributed clustering (HEED) for energy management in CWSNs. Our proposed algorithm is increasingly superior to these other approaches as the number of nodes in the network grows.
Semantic dementia (SD) and behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD), subtypes of frontotemporal dementia, are characterized by distinct clinical symptoms and neuroimaging features, with predominant left temporal grey matter (GM) atrophy in SD and bilateral or right frontal GM atrophy in bvFTD. Such differential hemispheric predilection may also be reflected by other neuroimaging features, such as brain connectivity. This study investigated white matter (WM) microstructure and functional connectivity differences between SD and bvFTD, focusing on the hemispheric predilection of these differences. Eight SD and 12 bvFTD patients, and 17 controls underwent diffusion tensor imaging and resting state functional MRI at 3T. Whole-brain WM microstructure was assessed to determine distinct WM tracts affected in SD and bvFTD. For these tracts, diffusivity measures and lateralization indices were calculated. Functional connectivity was established for GM regions affected in early stage SD or bvFTD. Results of a direct comparison between SD and bvFTD are reported. Whole-brain WM microstructure abnormalities were more pronounced in the left hemisphere in SD and bilaterally-with a slight predilection for the right-in bvFTD. Lateralization of tract-specific abnormalities was seen in SD only, toward the left hemisphere. Functional connectivity of disease-specific regions was mainly decreased bilaterally in SD and in the right hemisphere in bvFTD. SD and bvFTD show WM microstructure and functional connectivity abnormalities in different regions, that are respectively more pronounced in the left hemisphere in SD and in the right hemisphere in bvFTD. This indicates differential hemispheric predilection of brain connectivity abnormalities between SD and bvFTD.
Psychosocial rehabilitation programs received mental health professional support in addition to traditional medication therapy. Many psychosocial programs were developed since the 1990s, including cognitive remediation therapy. In this review, we focus on cognitive remediation therapy in Korea since the 1990s. We review several cognitive rehabilitation programs developed in Korea and their outcome studies and suggest future research directions and prospects. We reviewed cognitive rehabilitation programs including social cognitive training as well as more recent forms of computerized cognitive rehabilitation. Although there are differences in cognitive domains by training targets, almost all neurocognitive remediation trainings in Korea have beneficial effects on early visual processing, various attention types, and executive function. Future studies need to investigate the mechanisms and various mediators underlying the relationships between cognitive functions and functional outcomes. With more comprehensive cognitive and social cognitive programs, we can enhance both cognition and functional outcomes of the patients with schizophrenia. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Objectives: This study examined the current assessment practices of clinicians working with people with social cognition impairment following traumatic brain injury. Method: Two hundred and sixty clinicians completed an on-line survey that was disseminated through professional brain injury organisations. Of respondents around 90% were allied health clinicians, with the remainder comprising medical, nursing and academia. Main outcomes: The four areas of social cognition that were routinely assessed across the disciplines were insight, disinhibition, anger and social adjustment. The least routinely assessed areas were theory of mind and alexithymia. The test suggested most likely to identify social cognition impairments was The Awareness of Social Inference Test, although only 8% of clinicians responded to this question. Clinicians preferred informal assessment methods over standardised assessment methods for identifying social cognition rehabilitation goals. Higher levels of education were associated with greater use of standardised assessment modalities. Whilst there was paucity of responses overall, TBI Express was most commonly used for social cognition rehabilitation. Conclusions: Considering the high prevalence of social cognition impairments in this population, formal assessment is extremely limited. The under-utilisation of assessment tools is problematic for the assessment and rehabilitation initiatives offered to people with TBI. These results have implications for the training of clinicians working in brain injury rehabilitation.
Guided by indirect evidence, recent approaches propose a tripartite crosstalk among interoceptive signaling, emotional regulation, and low-level social cognition. Here we examined the neurocognitive convergence of such domains. First, we performed three meta-analyses of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies to identify which areas are consistently coactivated by these three systems. Multi-level Kernel Density Analysis (MKDA) revealed major overlaps in the right anterior insular and frontotemporal regions (viz., the orbitofrontal and inferior frontal gyri, the amygdala, and mid temporal lobe/subcortical structures). Second, we explored such domains in patients with fronto-insulo-temporal damage. Relative to controls, the patients showed behavioral impairments of interoception, emotional processing, and social cognition, with preservation of other cognitive functions. Convergent results from both studies offer direct support for a model of insular-frontotemporal regions integrating interoception, emotion, and social cognition. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Background: Cortical and subcortical cognitive impairments have been found in dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB). Roughly, they comprise visuoconstructive and executive dysfunction, whereas memory would remain relatively spared. However, the cognitive profile of patients with prodromal DLB remains poorly illustrated to date. Methods: We included 37 patients with prodromal DLB (age 67.2 +/- 8.6 years, 18 men, Mini Mental State Examination [MMSE] score 27.4 +/- 2) and 29 healthy control subjects (HCs; age 68.8 +/- 7.9 years, 15 men, MMSE score 29.0 +/- 0.9). They were presented with an extensive neuropsychological test battery to assess memory; speed of processing; executive function; visuoperceptual, visuospatial and visuoconstructive abilities; language; and social cognition. Results: Compared with HCs, patients had lower scores on a visual recognition memory test (Delayed Matching to Sample-48 items; p <= 0.021) and lower free recall (all p <= 0.035), but not total recall, performance on a verbal episodic memory test (Free and Cued Selective Reminding Test). Short-term memory (p = 0.042) and working memory (p = 0.002) scores were also lower in patients. Assessment of executive function showed no slowing but overall lower performance in patients than in HCs (all p <= 0.049), whereas assessment of instrumental function yielded mixed results. Indeed, patients had lower scores on language tests (p <= 0.022), apraxia for pantomime of tool use (p = 0.002) and imitation of meaningless gesture (p = 0.005), as well as weakened visuospatial abilities (p = 0.047). Visuoconstruction was also impaired in patients. However, visuoperceptual abilities did not differ between groups. Finally, theory of mind abilities were lower in patients than in HCs (p < 0.05), but their emotion recognition abilities were similar. Conclusions: This study presents the cognitive profile in patients with prodromal DLB. In line with the literature on DLB with dementia, our results show lower performance on tests of executive function and visuoconstruction. However, we found, from a prodromal stage of DLB, memory (free recall and visual recognition) and social cognition deficits, as well as weakened visuospatial and praxic abilities.
Psychotic disorders are some of the most severe psychiatric conditions. Patients have difficulties in identifying facial expressions and appear to be highly sensitive to the presence of emotional distractors. Yet, no study has investigated whether perceptual load modulates the interference of emotional distractors. Our goal was to test whether psychotic patients were more sensitive to irrelevant emotional stimulus, even when the task demands a high amount of attentional resources. Twenty-two participants with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder and twenty-two healthy controls, performed a target letter discrimination task with emotional task-irrelevant stimulus (angry, happy and neutral facial expressions). Target-letters were presented among distrator-letters, which could be similar (low perceptual load) or different (high load); participants should discriminate the target-letter and ignore the facial expression. Results showed that patients were more prone to distraction by task-irrelevant stimulus, especially under high load, suggesting difficulties in attention control. Moreover, in psychotic patients, happy faces caused higher interference with the task, whereas neutral and angry faces resulted in less interference. These findings could provide innovative approaches regarding attentional deficits on social contexts in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
During the domestication of canids, humans have selected for particular traits and selected against others. Wild canids and phylogenetically primitive breeds might then be expected to show less 'desirable' traits than more recently derived European breeds of dog. In order to examine this, we divided domestic dog breeds according to their apparent genetic relatedness to the wolf, and compared them to a wild canid, the dingo, using a validated behavioural assessment tool (C-BARQ). Our sample included 49 dingoes, 6935 modern dogs, and 673 ancient dogs. Overall, a number of differences were discovered between the breed groups, after accounting for demographic effects and variability between breeds. Dingoes were significantly less trainable than both ancient and modern dogs, and displayed greater stranger-directed fear and non-social fear than modern dogs. Dingoes were also more prone to escaping/roaming and urinating against objects than modern dogs, and tended to exhibit compulsive 'staring' and rolling in animal droppings more than both ancient and modern dogs. Using a multivariate test, we found that dingoes represented a significant outlier from the range of typical between-breed variation of domesticated dogs. Taken together, these results provide some evidence that (1) selective processes during domestication are reflected in the behaviour of dog breeds, and (2) primitive breed behaviour tends to reflect earlier and different selection pressures (natural rather that artificial selection). (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The study examined third-party listeners' ability to detect the Hellos spoken to prevalidated happy, neutral, and sad facial expressions. The average detection accuracies from the happy and sad (HS), happy and neutral (HN), and sad and neutral (SN) listening tests followed the average vocal pitch differences between the two sets of Hellos in each of the tests; HS and HN detection accuracies were above chance reflecting the significant pitch differences between the respective Hellos. The SN detection accuracy was at chance reflecting the lack of pitch difference between sad and neutral Hellos. As expected, the SN detection accuracy positively correlated with theory of mind; participating in these tests has been likened to the act of eavesdropping, which has been discussed from an evolutionary perspective. An unexpected negative correlation between the HS detection accuracy and the empathy quotient has been discussed with respect to autism research on empathy and pitch discrimination.
Agreement between client and therapist is an essential part of the therapeutic alliance. While there are general challenges to the creation of agreement and shared meaning in all psychotherapies, there are specific challenges while working with persons with psychosis. These challenges include the different narratives of the client and the therapist with regard to their roles and the description of the condition or problem, as well as possible stigmatic views and theoretical bias. Here we present a metacognitive intersubjective model as a framework for the understanding and resolutions of these challenges. Copyright (c) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Aggressive behavior is assumed to be associated with certain patterns of social information processing. While some theories link aggression to a tendency to interpret ambiguous stimuli as hostile (i.e., enhanced sensitivity to anger), others assume an insufficient ability to perceive emotional expressions, particularly fear. Despite compelling evidence to support both theories, no previous study has directly investigated the predictions made by these two accounts in aggressive populations. The aim of the current study was to test processing patterns for angry and fearful facial expressions in violent offenders (VOs) and healthy controls (CTLs) and their association with self-reported aggression and psychopathy scores. In Experiment 1, we assessed perceptual sensitivity to neutral-emotional (angry, fearful, happy) blends in a task which did not require categorization, but an indication whether the stimulus is neutral or emotional. In Experiment 2, we assessed categorization performance for ambiguous fearful-happy and angry-happy blends. No group differences were revealed in Experiment 1, while Experiment 2 indicated a deficit in the categorization of ambiguous fearful blends in the VO group. Importantly, this deficit was associated with both self-reported psychopathy and aggression in the VO, but not the CTL group. The current study provides evidence for a deficient categorization of fearful expressions and its association with self-reported aggression and psychopathy in VOs, but no support for heightened sensitivity to anger. Furthermore, the current findings indicate that the deficit is tied to categorization but not detection stages of social information processing.
Social attachment is a biological and affective need. When this need is not met, people experience loneliness. Loneliness is associated with impaired social cognition, and is a risk factor for broad based morbidity across the adult lifespan even after controlling for multiple factors. However, little is known about loneliness in schizophrenia. Eighty-seven non-depressed individuals with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder (including 51 inpatients) and 58 control subjects completed the revised UCLA Loneliness scale. Social cognition was assessed with a self-report questionnaire and a performance-based task. Social trait perception was assessed with a facial task. Comorbid medical diagnoses were available for all inpatients. Patients reported greater loneliness levels than controls, while in- and out-patients did not significantly differ. In patients, loneliness was associated with self-report measures of social cognition. Patients' loneliness scores predicted a diagnosis of drug abuse/dependence, number of drugs used, hypertension and abnormal hemoglobin A1c levels. Patients experienced higher levels of loneliness than controls, independently of their objective social isolation. Loneliness did not rely on the same psychological processes in patients than in controls. Loneliness in schizophrenia is a symptom that deserves more scrutiny, particularly as it relates to the high prevalence of metabolic syndrome in this population.
In heterosexual individuals, attention is automatically captured by physically attractive members of the opposite sex. Although helpful for selecting new mates, attention to attractive relationship alternatives can threaten satisfaction with and commitment to an existing romantic relationship. The current study tested the hypothesis that although a mating prime would increase selective attention to attractive opposite-sex targets (relative to less attractive targets) among single participants, this effect would be reduced among people already committed to a long-term romantic partner. Consistent with hypotheses, whereas single participants responded to a mating prime with greater attentional adhesion to physically attractive opposite-sex targets (relative to less attractive targets), participants in a committed romantic relationship showed no such effect. These findings extend previous research suggesting the presence of relationship maintenance mechanisms that operate at early stages of social cognition.
It was recently proposed that the neural substrate mediating smile production might play a key role also in the recognition of others' smile. This hypothesis, however, has been challenged by difficulties in eliciting ecological smiling in standard laboratory settings. Here we report of a case where these difficulties were overcome by combining electrical stimulation and intracranial electroencephalogram recording in a patient with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. The stimulation of the pregenual anterior cingulate cortex (pACC) elicited a smiling facial expression. The same leads exploring pACC showed an increase of gamma band activity (50-100 Hz) during the observation of video-clips depicting actors laughing, relative to video-clips depicting actors crying or producing a neutral expression. These findings indicate that both smile production and recognition are encoded in pACC and further support the role of this region in social cognition.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is associated with executive dysfunction and behavioural impairment. Recent studies suggested that social cognitive deficits might also be a prominent feature of ALS. Current meta-analysis aimed to summarize available evidence for deficits in social cognition including theory of mind (ToM) and emotion recognition in ALS. In this meta-analysis of 15 studies, facial emotion recognition and ToM performances of 389 patients with ALS and 471 healthy controls were compared. ALS was associated with significant impairments with medium effect sizes in ToM (d = .65) and facial emotion recognition (d = .69). Among individual emotions recognition of disgust and surprise were particularly impaired. Deficits in perspective taking (d = .73) aspects of ToM (ToM-PT) was more pronounced in comparison to decoding (d = .28) aspects of ToM (ToM-decoding). The severity of social cognitive impairment was similar to level of executive dysfunction and there was a significant relationship between social cognition and executive dysfunction. Deficits in social cognition are part of the cognitive phenotype of ALS. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The purpose of this study was to examine the utility of the Systematic Observation of Red Flags as an observational level-two screening measure to detect risk for autism spectrum disorder in toddlers when used with a video-recorded administration of the Communication and Symbolic Behavior Scales. Psychometric properties of the Systematic Observation of Red Flags were examined in a sample of 247 toddlers of 16- to 24months old: 130 with autism spectrum disorder, 61 with developmental delays, and 56 typically developing. Individual items were examined for performance to create an algorithm with improved sensitivity and specificity, yielding a total Composite score and Domain scores for Social Communication and Restricted Repetitive Behaviors. Codes indicating clear symptom presence were collapsed to yield a count of the number of Red Flags for the overall scale and each symptom domain. Results indicated significant group differences with large effects for the Composite, both Domain scores, and Red Flags score, and good discrimination (area under the curve=0.84-0.87) between autism spectrum disorder and nonspectrum groups for the Composite, Social Communication Domain, and Social Communication Red Flags score. The Systematic Observation of Red Flags provides an observational screening measure for 16- to 24-month-olds with good discrimination, sensitivity, and specificity. A cutoff of 20 on the Composite is recommended to optimally detect autism spectrum disorder risk.
The formation of a coherent and unified self-concept represents a key developmental stage during adolescence. Imaging studies on self-referential processing in adolescents are rare, and it is not clear whether neural structures involved in self-reflection are also involved in reflections of familiar others. In the current study, 41 adolescents were asked to make judgments about trait adjectives during functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI): they had to indicate whether the word describes themselves, their friends, their teachers or politicians. Findings indicate a greater overlap in neural networks for responses to self- and friend-related judgments compared to teachers and politicians. In particular, classic self-reference structures such as the ventromedial prefrontal cortex and medial posterior parietal cortex also exhibited higher activation to judgments about friends. In contrast, brain responses towards judgments of teachers (familiar others) compared to politicians (unfamiliar others) did not significantly differ. Results support behavioral findings of a greater relevance of friends for the development of a self-concept during adolescence and indicate underlying functional brain processes. Hum Brain Mapp 38:987-996, 2017. (c) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Sometimes our automatic evaluations do not correspond well with those we can reflect on and articulate. We present a novel approach to the assessment of automatic and reflective affective evaluations of exercising. Based on the assumptions of the associative-propositional processes in evaluation model, we measured participants' automatic evaluations of exercise and then shared this information with them, asked them to reflect on it and rate eventual discrepancy between their reflective evaluation and the assessment of their automatic evaluation. We found that mismatch between self-reported ideal exercise frequency and actual exercise frequency over the previous 14 weeks could be regressed on the discrepancy between a relatively negative automatic and a more positive reflective evaluation. This study illustrates the potential of a dual-process approach to the measurement of evaluative responses and suggests that mistrusting one's negative spontaneous reaction to exercise and asserting a very positive reflective evaluation instead leads to the adoption of inflated exercise goals.
Observers frequently form impressions of other people based on complex or conflicting information. Rather than being objective, these impressions are often biased by observers' motives. For instance, observers often downplay negative information they learn about ingroup members. Here, we characterize the neural systems associated with biased impression formation. Participants learned positive and negative information about ingroup and outgroup social targets. Following this information, participants worsened their impressions of outgroup, but not ingroup, targets. This tendency was associated with a failure to engage neural structures including lateral prefrontal cortex, dorsal anterior cingulate cortex, temporoparietal junction, Insula and Precuneus when processing negative information about ingroup (but not outgroup) targets. To the extent that participants engaged these regions while learning negative information about ingroup members, they exhibited less ingroup bias in their impressions. These data are consistent with a model of 'effortless bias', under which perceivers fail to process goal-inconsistent information in order to maintain desired conclusions.
Iron deficiency continues to be the most prevalent micronutrient deficit worldwide. Since iron is involved in several processes including myelination, dopamine neurotransmission and neuronal metabolism, the presence of iron deficiency anemia (IDA) in infancy relates to long-lasting neurofunctional effects. There is scarce data regarding whether these effects would extend to former iron deficient anemic human adults. Resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) is a novel technique to explore patterns of functional connectivity. Default Mode Network (DMN), one of the resting state networks, is deeply involved in memory, social cognition and self-referential processes. The four core regions consistently identified in the DMN are the medial prefrontal cortex, posterior cingulate/retrosplenial cortex and left and right inferior parietal cortex. Therefore to investigate the DMN in former iron deficient anemic adults is a particularly useful approach to elucidate de long term effects on functional brain. We conducted this research to explore the connection between IDA in infancy and altered patterns of resting state brain functional networks in young adults. Resting-state fMRI studies were performed to 31 participants that belong to a follow-up study since infancy. Of them, 14 participants were former iron deficient anemic in infancy and 17 were controls, with mean age of 21.5 years (+/- 1.5) and 54.8% were males. Resting-state fMRI protocol was used and the data was analyzed using the seed based connectivity statistical analysis to assess the DMN. We found that compared to controls, former iron deficient anemic subjects showed posterior DMN decreased connectivity to the left posterior cingulate cortex (PCC), whereas they exhibited increased anterior DMN connectivity to the right PCC. Differences between groups were also apparent in the left medial frontal gyrus, with former iron deficient anemic participants having increased connectivity with areas included in DMN and dorsal attention networks. These preliminary results suggest different patterns of functional connectivity between former iron deficient anemic and control young adults. Indeed, IDA in infancy, a common nutritional problem among human infants, may turn out to be important for understanding the mechanisms of cognitive alterations, common in adulthood.
In this study a novel auditory version of the Single Category Implicit Association Test (SC-IAT-A) was developed to investigate (a) the valence of adults' associations to infant cries and laughs, (b) moderation of implicit associations by gender and empathy, and (c) the robustness of implicit associations controlling for auditory sensitivity. Eighty adults (50% females) were administered two SC-IAT-As, the Empathy Quotient, and the Weinstein Noise Sensitivity Scale. Adults showed positive implicit associations to infant laugh and negative ones to infant cry; only the implicit associations with the infant laugh were negatively related to empathy scores, and no gender differences were observed. Finally, implicit associations to infant cry were affected by noise sensitivity. The SC-IAT-A is useful to evaluate the valence of implicit reactions to infant auditory cues and could provide fresh insights into understanding processes that regulate the quality of adult-infant relationships.
Cooperative behavior is widespread among animals, yet the neural mechanisms have not been studied in detail. We examined cooperative territory defense behavior and associated neural activity in candidate forebrain regions in the cichlid fish, Astatotilapia burtoni. We find that a territorial male neighbor will engage in territory defense dependent on the perceived threat of the intruder. The resident male, on the other hand, engages in defense based on the size and behavior of his partner, the neighbor. In the neighbor, we find that an index of engagement correlates with neural activity in the putative homolog of the mammalian basolateral amygdala and in the preoptic area, as well as in preoptic dopaminergic neurons. In the resident, neighbor behavior is correlated with neural activity in the homolog of the mammalian hippocampus. Overall, we find distinct neural activity patterns between the neighbor and the resident, suggesting that an individual perceives and processes an intruder challenge differently during cooperative territory defense depending on its own behavioral role. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The objective of this study is to evaluate the relationship between social cognition (SC) and cognitive impairment in persons with multiple sclerosis (PwMS). A prospective study was conducted in 60 PwMS, 30 with relapsing-remitting MS (RRMS), 15 with secondary progressive MS (SPMS) and 15 with primary progressive MS (PPMS), and in healthy subjects (HS). All subjects were assessed by the Bordeaux Social Cognition Evaluation Protocol (PECS-B) (facial emotion recognition, theory of mind, emotional awareness and cognitive and affective alexithymia), by a large neuropsychological battery and by questionnaires (depression and anxiety). 43.3% of PwMS were impaired for at least one SC test. The proportion of PwMS with at least two impaired SC tests was similar in all three phenotypes (20%). Mean scores differed significantly between PwMS and HS only for the Reading the Mind in the Eyes Test, a test of Theory of Mind (ToM). ANOVA analyses showed an effect of phenotype on emotional awareness scores with lower scores in PPMS as compared to RRMS. ToM performance was significantly correlated (r (2) = 0.56) with executive functions, working memory and episodic memory scores. SC impairment was found in all phenotypes and was more prominent in cognitively impaired MS patients. Executive functions, and working and episodic memory performance accounts for approximately 50% of ToM performance. Emotional awareness is more impaired in progressive MS.
The concept of empathy has received much attention from philosophers and also from both cognitive and social psychologists. It has, however, been given widely conflicting definitions, with some taking it primarily as an epistemological notion and others as a social one. Recently, empathy has been closely associated with the simulationist approach to social cognition and, as such, it might be thought that the concept's utility stands or falls with that of simulation itself. I suggest that this is a mistake. Approaching the question of what empathy is via the question of what it is for, I claim that empathy plays a distinctive epistemological role: it alone allows us to know how others feel. This is independent of the plausibility of simulationism more generally. With this in view I propose an inclusive definition of empathy, one likely consequence of which is that empathy is not a natural kind. It follows that, pace a number of empathy researchers, certain experimental paradigms tell us not about the nature of empathy but about certain ways in which empathy can be achieved. I end by briefly speculating that empathy, so conceived, may also play a distinctive social role, enabling what I term 'transparent fellow-feeling'.
Rousseau's project in his Social Contract was to construct a conception of human subjectivity and political institutions that would transcend what he saw to be the limits of liberal political theory of his time. I take this as a starting point to put forward an interpretation of his theory of the general will as a kind of social cognition that is able to preserve individual autonomy and freedom alongside concerns with the collective welfare of the community. But whereas many have seen Rousseau's ideas as a prelude to communitarianism or authoritarianism, we should instead see his project as articulating an alternative model of moral-cognitivist reasoning. In order to provide a framework for this interpretation, I propose reading his conception of the general will through the theory of collective intentionality and social ontology. I end with a consideration of how this interpretation of the general will can provide a more satisfying understanding of political and practical rationality contemporary debates over republicanism and liberalism.
Previous research has provided qualitative evidence for overlap in a number of brain regions across the subjective value network (SVN) and the default mode network (DMN). In order to quantitatively assess this overlap, we conducted a series of coordinate-based meta-analyses (CBMA) of results from 466 functional magnetic resonance imaging experiments on task-negative or subjective value-related activations in the human brain. In these analyses, we first identified significant overlaps and dissociations across activation foci related to SVN and DMN. Second, we investigated whether these overlapping subregions also showed similar patterns of functional connectivity, suggesting a shared functional subnetwork. We find considerable overlap between SVN and DMN in subregions of central ventromedial prefrontal cortex (cVMPFC) and dorsal posterior cingulate cortex (dPCC). Further, our findings show that similar patterns of bidirectional functional connectivity between cVMPFC and dPCC are present in both networks. We discuss ways in which our understanding of how subjective value (SV) is computed and represented in the brain can be synthesized with what we know about the DMN, mind-wandering, and self-referential processing in light of our findings.
The X chromosome has played a critical role in the development of sexually selected characteristics for over 300 million years, and during that time it has accumulated a disproportionate number of genes concerned with mental functions. There are relatively specific effects of X-linked genes on social cognition, language, emotional regulation, visuospatial, and numerical skills. Many human X-linked genes outside the X-Y pairing pseudoautosomal regions escape X-inactivation. Dosage differences in the expression of such genes (which constitute at least 15% of the total) are likely to play an important role in male-female neural differentiation, and in cognitive deficits and behavioral characteristics, particularly in the realm of social communication, that are associated with sex chromosome aneuploidies. (C) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
We herein report the case of a 75-year-old male who had shown many psychiatric symptoms, but whose autopsy disclosed the presence of dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB). When he was 70 years old, the patient had presented with stereotyped behavior, dietary changes, and a decline in social interpersonal conduct in clinical settings, and it was thought that these symptoms were consistent with a behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD), and he lacked the core features of DLB. Nevertheless, this case was pathologically defined as the limbic type of DLB after he died at the age of 75 years. Looking retrospectively at the clinical course, it was considered that the following features were suggestive or supportive of DLB: neuroleptic sensitivity, autonomic symptoms, and psychiatric symptoms. It can be presumed that the bvFTD-like behavioral disturbances were caused by the severe Lewy pathology of the locus ceruleus (LC) and left anterior temporal region. The clinical symptoms of DLB might be more multifarious than has conventionally been thought, because the symptoms can be modified by the pathological spread of DLB within the brain. It is important to be aware of these possible symptoms of DLB so as not to overlook the diagnosis in the clinical setting.
Objective: Cognitive remediation programs often have larger effects on cognition compared with everyday outcomes. We compared changes across cognitive, functional competence, and vocational domains in 2 cognitive remediation programs. Method: A sequential enrollment, nonrandom design with 50 individuals with serious mental illnesses (psychotic and mood disorders) from a community vocational rehabilitation program. Action-Based Cognitive Remediation (ABCR), a new program that combines traditional cognitive training techniques with simulated workplace situations and goal setting for engaging with cognitively demanding activities (N = 24; 19 completers) was compared with traditional cognitive remediation (tCR; N = 26; 15 completers). Both groups met twice-weekly for 2-hr sessions over 10 weeks. Repeated measures analysis of variance was used to examine effects pre-and posttreatment and 10 weeks after treatment. Univariate analysis of variance and chi-square tests were used to compare work outcomes 6 months after intervention. Results: Significantly more ABCR participants (83%) were retained in the intervention compared with tCR (57%) and reported greater increases in perceived competence with cognitively challenging tasks (eta(2) =.23). ABCR effects were significantly larger than tCR on functional competence (eta(2) =.53), with smaller, nonsignificant differences in social cognition (eta(2) =.14) and neurocognition (eta(2) =.16). ABCR participants were marginally more likely to be competitively employed (68.4% vs. 40%) and, among those employed, ABCR participants experienced less job-related stress (eta(2) =.37). Conclusions and Implications for Practice: Cognitive rehabilitative programs for serious mental illness that rely on computer -based training for neuroplasticity should ensure opportunities for active skill development and therapist supported techniques to overcome challenges with generalizing cognitive effects to everyday outcomes.
Social pain is often associated with social rejection and shares neural correlates with the bothersome aspect of physical pain, which may also indicate an overlap in function. Pain has been described as a motivational signal to respond to the source of the pain in an adaptive way, such as by altering behavior. We tested whether social pain causes similarly adaptive alterations in behavior. Participants played computerized ball-tossing tasks with putative players-one who passed to and one who excluded the participant from play-in both a social and nonsocial version. We assessed the behavioral consequences of social pain by comparing the number of throws to each stimulus (social rejector vs. nonsocial rejector) over the course of the task. Posttask questionnaires assessed subjective feelings of social pain. A decrease in throws to the rejecting stimulus was only observed in the social version, indicating that rejection that is social in nature leads to change in behavior. Moreover, participants reported more negative feelings toward the rejecting stimulus in the social than in the nonsocial version. These subjective feelings of social pain mediated the effect of version of the game (social vs. nonsocial) on changes in behavior, indicating that social pain from social rejection causes changes in behavior.
There has been a growing link between a history of cannabis use and neurocognitive performance in patients with schizophrenia. Fewer neurocognitive deficits may be a marker of the superior social cognition needed to obtain illicit substances, or cannabis use may indicate a distinct path to schizophrenia with less neurocognitive vulnerability. This study sought to determine whether the relationship of cannabis use and executive function exists independently of social cognition. Eighty-seven patients with schizophrenia were administered measures of social cognition and executive function. Social cognition was assessed using the Bell-Lysaker Emotion Recognition Test to measure affect recognition, and the Eyes and Hinting Tests to measure theory of mind. Executive function was assessed by the Mental Flexibility component of the Delis-Kaplan Executive Functioning Scale. The relations between the variables were examined with structural equation modeling. Cannabis use positively related to executive function, negatively related to affect recognition, and had no relationship with theory of mind. There were no indirect effects of other illicit substances on amount of regular cannabis use. Alcohol use was related to worse affect recognition. The relationship between cannabis use and better executive function was supported and was not explained by superior social cognition
This paper explores the proposal that there is a close link between counterfactual thinking and lying. Both require the imagination of alternatives to reality and we describe four studies which explore this link. In Study 1 we measured individual differences in both abilities and found that individuals with a tendency to generate counterfactual thoughts were also more likely to generate potential lies. Studies 2 and 3 showed that counterfactual availability influences people's ability to come up with lies and the extent to which they expect others to lie. Study 4 used a behaviotiral measure of deception to show that people tend to lie more in situations also known to elicit counterfactual thoughts. Overall, the results show that the imagination of alternatives to the past plays an important role in the generation of lies. We discuss the implications for the fields of counterfactual thinking and deception. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Social bonds are at the center of our daily living and are an essential determinant of our quality of life. In people with epilepsy, numerous factors can impede cognitive and affective functions necessary for smooth social interactions. Psychological and psychiatric complications are common in epilepsy and may hinder the processing of social information. In addition, neuropsychological deficits such as slowed processing speed, memory loss or attentional difficulties may interfere with enjoyable reciprocity of social interactions. We consider societal, psychological, and neuropsychological aspects of social life with particular emphasis on socio-cognitive functions in temporal lobe epilepsy. Deficits in emotion recognition and theory of mind, two main aspects of social cognition, are frequently observed in individuals with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy. Results from behavioural studies targeting these functions will be presented with a focus on their relevance for patients' daily life. Furthermore, we will broach the issue of pitfalls in current diagnostic tools and potential directions for future research. By giving a broad overview of individual and interpersonal determinants of social functioning in epilepsy, we hope to provide a basis for future research to establish social cognition as a key component in the comprehensive assessment and care of those with epilepsy. (C) 2016 British Epilepsy Association. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Background. The different patterns of Emotional Intelligence (EI) deficits in schizophrenia and bipolar I disorder are are not yet well understood. This study compares EI levels among these groups and highlights the potential impact of non-social cognition on EI. Method. Fifty-eight schizophrenia and 60 bipolar outpatients were investigated using the Mayer-Salovey-Caruso Emotional Intelligence Test (MSCEIT) and the Brief Assessment of Cognition in Schizophrenia (BACS). Analyses of covariance were performed with adjustment for the BACS composite score. Results. Compared to bipolar subjects, schizophrenia patients showed significantly lower levels in both EI and nonsocial cognition. After adjustment for the BACS composite score, the difference in EI was lost. The mediation analysis revealed that differences between schizophrenia and bipolar patients in strategic EI are almost fully attributable to the mediating effect of non-social cognition. Conclusions. Our findings suggest that in both schizophrenia and bipolar patients EI is strongly influenced by nonsocial cognitive functioning. This has to be taken into account when interpreting MSCEIT data in comparative studies in serious mental illness and emphasizes the importance of cognitive remediation.
Group-focused moral foundations (GMFs) - moral values that help protect the group's welfare sharply divide conservatives from liberals and religiously devout from non-believers. However, there is little evidence about what drives this divide. Moral foundations theory and the model of motivated social cognition both associate group-focused moral foundations with differences in conflict detection and resolution capacity, but in opposing directions. Individual differences in conflict detection and resolution implicate specific neuroanatomical differences. Examining neuroanatomy thus affords an objective and non-biased opportunity to contrast these influential theories. Here, we report that increased adherence to group-focused moral foundations was strongly associated (whole-brain corrected) with reduced gray matter volume in key regions of the conflict detection and resolution system (anterior cingulate cortex and lateral prefrontal cortex). Because reduced gray matter is reliably associated with reduced neural and cognitive capacity, these findings support the idea outlined in the model of motivated social cognition that belief in group-focused moral values is associated with reduced conflict detection and resolution capacity. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
There is a growing consensus that a fuller understanding of social cognition depends on more systematic studies of real-time social interaction. Such studies require methods that can deal with the complex dynamics taking place at multiple interdependent temporal and spatial scales, spanning sub-personal, personal, and dyadic levels of analysis. We demonstrate the value of adopting an extended multi-scale approach by re-analyzing movement time-series generated in a study of embodied dyadic interaction in a minimal virtual reality environment (a perceptual crossing experiment). Reduced movement variability revealed an interdependence between social awareness and social coordination that cannot be accounted for by either subjective or objective factors alone: it picks out interactions in which subjective and objective conditions are convergent (i.e., elevated coordination is perceived as clearly social, and impaired coordination is perceived as socially ambiguous). This finding is consistent with the claim that interpersonal interaction can be partially constitutive of direct social perception. Clustering statistics (Allan Factor) of salient events revealed fractal scaling. Complexity matching defined as the similarity between these scaling laws was significantly more pronounced in pairs of participants as compared to surrogate dyads. This further highlights the multi-scale and distributed character of social interaction and extends previous complexity matching results from dyadic conversation to non-verbal social interaction dynamics. Trials with successful joint interaction were also associated with an increase in local coordination. Consequently, a local coordination pattern emerges on the background of complex dyadic interactions in the PCE task and makes joint successful performance possible.
Objectives: Emotion recognition impairments have been demonstrated in schizophrenia (Sz), but are less consistent and lesser in magnitude in bipolar disorder (BD). This may be related to the extent to which different face processing strategies are engaged during emotion recognition in each of these disorders. We recently showed that Sz patients had impairments in the use of both featural and configural face processing strategies, whereas BD patients were impaired only in the use of the latter. Here we examine the influence that these impairments have on facial emotion recognition in these cohorts. Methods: Twenty-eight individuals with Sz, 28 individuals with BD, and 28 healthy controls completed a facial emotion labeling task with two conditions designed to separate the use of featural and configural face processing strategies; part-based and whole-face emotion recognition. Results: Sz patients performed worse than controls on both conditions, and worse than BD patients on the whole-face condition. BD patients performed worse than controls on the whole-face condition only. Conclusions: Configural processing deficits appear to influence the recognition of facial emotions in BD, whereas both configural and featural processing abnormalities impair emotion recognition in Sz. This may explain discrepancies in the profiles of emotion recognition between the disorders.
Introduction: The accurate discrimination of another person's eyegaze direction is vital as it provides a cue to the gazer's focus of attention, which in turn supports joint attention. Patients with schizophrenia have shown a "direct gaze bias" when judging gaze direction. However, current tasks do not dissociate an early perceptual bias from high-level top-down effects. We investigated early stages of gaze processing in schizophrenia by measuring perceptual sensitivity to fine deviations in gaze direction (i.e., the cone of direct gaze: CoDG) and ability to reflexively orient to locations cued by the same deviations. Methods: Twenty-four patients and 26 controls completed a CoDG discrimination task that used realistic direct-face images with six fine degrees of deviation (i.e., 3, 6 or 9 pixels to the left and right) and direct gaze, and a gaze cueing task that assessed reflexive orienting to the same fine-grained deviations. Results: Our data showed patients exhibited no impairment in gaze discrimination, nor did we observe a reduced orienting response. Conclusions: These results suggest that while patients may suffer deficits associated with interpreting another person's gaze, the earliest processes concerned with detecting averted gaze and reflexively orienting to the gazed-at location are intact.
Social groups aid human beings in several ways, ranging from the fulfillment of complex social and personal needs to the promotion of survival. Despite the importance of group affiliation to humans, there remains considerable variation in group preferences across development. In the current study, children and adolescents completed an explicit evaluation task of ingroup and out-group members during functional neuroimaging. We found that participants displayed age-related increases in bilateral amygdala, fusiformgyrus and orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) activation when viewing in-group relative to out-group faces. Moreover, we found an indirect effect of age on in-group favoritism via brain activation in the amygdala, fusiform and OFC. Finally, with age, youth showed greater functional coupling between the amygdala and several neural regions when viewing in-group relative to out-group peers, suggesting a role of the amygdala in directing attention to motivationally relevant cues. Our findings suggest that the motivational significance and processing of group membership undergoes important changes across development.
Epistemic contextualism is one of the most hotly debated topics in contemporary epistemology. Contextualists claim that know' is a context-sensitive verb associated with different evidential standards in different contexts. Contextualists motivate their view based on a set of behavioural claims. In this paper, I show that several of these behavioural claims are false. I also show that contextualist test cases suffer from a critical confound, which derives from people's tendency to defer to speakers' statements about their own mental states. My evidence consists in results from several behavioural experiments. I conclude that contextualism is an idle hypothesis and I propose some general methodological lessons.
This multi-study analysis (6 fMRI studies; 142 participants) explores the functional activation and connectivity of the cerebellum with the cerebrum during repeated behavioral information uptake informing about personality traits of different persons. The results suggest that trait repetition recruits activity in areas belonging to the mentalizing and executive control networks in the cerebrum, and the executive control areas in the cerebellum. Cerebral activation was observed in the executive control network including the posterior medial frontal cortex (pmFC), the bilateral prefrontal cortex (PFC) and bilateral inferior parietal cortex (IPC), in the mentalizing network including the bilateral middle temporal cortex (MTC) extending to the right superior temporal cortex (STC), as well as in the visual network including the left cuneus (Cun) and the left inferior occipital cortex. Moreover, cerebellar activation was found bilaterally in lobules VI and VII belonging to the executive control network. Importantly, significant patterns of functional connectivity were found linking these cerebellar executive areas with cerebral executive areas in the medial pmFC, the left PFC and the left IPC, and mentalizing areas in the left MTC. In addition, connectivity was found between the cerebral areas in the left hemisphere involved in the executive and mentalizing networks, as well as with their homolog areas in the right hemisphere. The discussion centers on the role of these cerebello-cerebral connections in matching internal predictions generated by the cerebellum with external information from the cerebrum, presumably involving the sequencing of behaviors. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
While previous work has focused on the positive impact of smiles on interpersonal perceptions, this research proposes and finds that smile intensity differentially affects two fundamental dimensions of social judgments-warmth and competence. A marketer displaying a broad smile, compared to a slight smile, is more likely to be perceived by consumers as warmer but less competent. Furthermore, the facilitative effect of smile intensity on warmth perceptions is more prominent among promotion-focused consumers and in low-risk consumption contexts, while the detrimental effect of smile intensity on competence perceptions is more likely to occur among prevention-focused consumers and in high-risk consumption situations. Field observations in a crowdfunding context further indicate that the effects of smile intensity on warmth and competence perceptions have downstream consequences on actual consumer behaviors.
Social cognitive skills are indispensable for successful communication with others. Substantial research has determined deficits in these abilities in patients with mental disorders. In neurobiological development and continuing into adulthood, cross-cultural differences in social cognition have been demonstrated. Moreover, symptomatic patterns in mental disorders may vary according to the cultural background of an individual. Cross-cultural studies can thus help in understanding underlying (biological) mechanisms and factors that influence behavior in health and disease. In addition, studies that apply novel paradigms assessing the impact of culture on cognition may benefit and advance neuroscience research. In this review, the authors give an overview of cross-cultural research in the field of social cognition in health and in mental disorders and provide an outlook on future research directions, taking a neuroscience perspective.
Every cognitive process, including the conceptualization of some perceived facts, such as human disease states, entails both an emotional as an evaluative aspect. Regarding this, cross-cultural research has shown that there are common human value contents. Therefore, in a human phylogenetic context, it is plausible to argue that, along with the development of our language, both the hetero-perception and self-perception of some specific human states have been termed descriptively to communicate their adaptive significance. This is the case of those human states whose properties have been conceptualized, with the corresponding evaluative emotional component, as "disease". Since names are the symbols of a language that designate any type of object, either perceptual or conceptual, reviewing the etymology of terms related to "disease" could be a contribution to its elucidation. In consequence, some equivalent terms to the Spanish word enfermedad were reviewed in various Indo-European and non-Indo-European languages. From the analyzed denominations we can conclude that the different words have described the perception of human conditions as weak, evil, suffering states, etc. Therefore, there is a denotative concordance with the diseased human states in the revised cultures.
Differences in people's beliefs can substantially impact their interpretation of a series of events. In this functional MRI study, we manipulated subjects' beliefs, leading two groups of subjects to interpret the same narrative in different ways. We found that responses in higher-order brain areas-including the default-mode network, language areas, and subsets of the mirror neuron system-tended to be similar among people who shared the same interpretation, but different from those of people with an opposing interpretation. Furthermore, the difference in neural responses between the two groups at each moment was correlated with the magnitude of the difference in the interpretation of the narrative. This study demonstrates that brain responses to the same event tend to cluster together among people who share the same views.
Social cognition is impaired in schizophrenia, is relatively independent of purely neurocognitive domains such as attention and executive functioning, and may be the strongest predictor of functional outcome in this disease. Within a motivated reasoning framework, we tested the hypothesis that the anti-inflammatory Th2-associated cytokines, IL-10 and MDC, would be correlated with behavioral measures of social cognitive threat-detection bias (self-referential gaze detection bias and theory of mind (ToM) bias) in delusional versus non-delusional patients. We administered to schizophrenia patients with delusions (n=21), non-delusional patients (n=39) and controls (n=20) a social cognitive task designed to be sensitive to psychosocial stress response (the Waiting Room Task) and collected plasma levels of inflammatory markers using a bead-based flow immunoassay. Results partially supported our hypothesis. The anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 was associated with self referential ToM bias in the delusional cohort as predicted, and not with non-delusional patients or healthy controls. This bias reflects a documented tendency of schizophrenia patients with delusions to excessively attribute hostile intentions to people in their environment. Since this cytokine correlated only with ToM bias and only in delusional patients, elevated levels of this cytokine in the blood may eventually serve as a useful biomarker distinguishing delusional patients from both non-delusional patients and healthy controls.
In this article we address the increasingly important yet understudied phenomenon of nonnative accentedness on decision making. In three experimental studies, we investigated whether messages about a company delivered in nonstandard-American-accented speech influenced choice. In Study 1, we found that individuals were more likely to choose a company or a product when a message was read in a standard American English accent than when the message was delivered with a Mandarin Chinese or a French accent. In Study 2, we found that expectations regarding company messages are violated when speakers have accents and that, in turn, expectation violations mediated the relationship between accent and choice. In Study 3, we replicated the findings of the effect of accent on choice using Indian and British accents. We also hypothesized and found support for a conditional indirect effects model such that implicit pro-American bias moderated the indirect relationship between accent and choice as mediated by expectation violations. Theoretical and practical implications of this topic of study are discussed.
Mimicry involves unconsciously imitating the actions of others and is a powerful and ubiquitous behavior in social interactions. There has been a long debate over whether mimicry is abnormal in people with autism spectrum conditions (ASC) and what the causes of any differences might be. Wang and Hamilton's (2012) social top-down response modulation (STORM) model proposed that people with ASC can and do mimic but, unlike neurotypical participants, fail to modulate their mimicry according to the social context. This study used an established mimicry paradigm to test this hypothesis. In neurotypical participants, direct gaze specifically enhanced congruent hand actions as previously found; in the ASC sample, direct gaze led to faster reaction times in both congruent and incongruent movements. This result shows that mimicry is intact in ASC, but is not socially modulated by gaze, as predicted by STORM.
Machine learning approaches have been widely used for the identification of neuropathology from neuroimaging data. However, these approaches require large samples and suffer from the challenges associated with multi-site, multi-protocol data. We propose a novel approach to address these challenges, and demonstrate its usefulness with the Autism Brain Imaging Data Exchange (ABIDE) database. We predict symptom severity based on cortical thickness measurements from 156 individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) from four different sites. The proposed approach consists of two main stages: a domain adaptation stage using partial least squares regression to maximize the consistency of imaging data across sites; and a learning stage combining support vector regression for regional prediction of severity with elastic-net penalized linear regression for integrating regional predictions into a whole-brain severity prediction. The proposed method performed markedly better than simpler alternatives, better with multi-site than single-site data, and resulted in a considerably higher cross-validated correlation score than has previously been reported in the literature for multi-site data. This demonstration of the utility of the proposed approach for detecting structural brain abnormalities in ASD from the multi-site, multi-protocol ABIDE dataset indicates the potential of designing machine learning methods to meet the challenges of agglomerative data.
This meta-analysis investigates the extent to which people's leisure reading may produce better social-cognitive abilities. Researchers have hypothesized that experiences of fiction (more so than nonfiction) will improve readers' empathy and theory of mind. To capture the size of this effect, we aggregated correlations between measures of lifetime reading habits for both fiction and nonfiction with measures of empathy and theory of mind. Consistent with previous evidence, fiction reading had a larger correlation with the social-cognitive measures compared to nonfiction reading. However, the effects were small in magnitude. Heterogeneity analyses indicated that the effect sizes were consistent across studies. We also examined gender, publication status, and design as moderators. However, none of the moderators reached significance. We suggest that the results of this meta-analysis sanction a shift in research agenda toward understanding causal mechanisms.
Some domestic animals are thought to be skilled at social communication with humans due to the process of domestication. Horses, being in close relationship with humans, similar to dogs, might be skilled at communication with humans. Previous studies have indicated that they are sensitive to bodily signals and the attentional state of humans; however, there are few studies that investigate communication with humans and responses to the knowledge state of humans. Our first question was whether and how horses send signals to their potentially helpful but ignorant caretakers in a problem-solving situation where a food item was hidden in a bucket that was accessible only to the caretakers. We then examined whether horses alter their behaviours on the basis of the caretakers' knowledge of where the food was hidden. We found that horses communicated to their caretakers using visual and tactile signals. The signalling behaviour of the horses significantly increased in conditions where the caretakers had not seen the hiding of the food. These results suggest that horses alter their communicative behaviour towards humans in accordance with humans' knowledge state.
Group ownership is ubiquitous-property is owned by countries, corporations, families, and clubs. However, people cannot understand group ownership by simply relying on their conceptions of ownership by individuals, as group ownership is subject to complexities that do not arise when property is individually owned. We report 6 experiments investigating whether children ages 3 to 6 (N = 540) understand group ownership. In Experiments 1 and 2 children were asked who different objects belong to, and they appropriately judged that certain objects are more likely to belong to a group than to individual people. Experiments 3 and 4 investigated whether children understand the limits of group ownership. Children saw vignettes where agents modified or depleted property. Children ages 3 and older understood that individual members of a group should not deplete group-owned property, and children ages 5 and 6 understood that individual members should not modify group-owned property. Finally, Experiments 5 and 6 investigated whether children understand the benefits of group ownership. Children ages 5 and 6 judged that it is more acceptable for a group member to take group property than for a nonmember to do this, and children ages 4 to 6 judged that group members can take more group resources than can nonmembers. Together, these results are informative about how children conceive of group ownership rights, and about children's conceptions of groups.
Although millions of cats live among humans worldwide the scientific community knows relatively little about cat behavior and cognition. Olfaction is an important perceptual sense for many members of Carnivora, however the role of chemical signals in cat social relationships is not fully understood. Research indicates chemical signals play an important role in many areas of cat behavior including mother offspring and conspecific interactions and exploration of their environment. Chemical cues appear to play a role in stress and anxiety reduction, allowing cats to feel secure in their environment. A better understanding of cat chemical signals, especially as it relates to within and between species communication, may lead to an increase in cat wellbeing as humans can utilize this knowledge in applied settings. Therefore, the purpose of this review is to investigate how cats process and use chemical signals in social contexts and identify ways this information can be applied to address cat behavioral issues, such as inappropriate litter box and scratching behavior, and improve cat welfare, including species-appropriate ways of reinforcing the human-cat bond. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Human brain asymmetries have been well described. Intriguingly, a number of asymmetries in brain phenotypes have been shown to change throughout the lifespan. Recent studies have revealed topological asymmetries between hemispheric white matter networks in the human brain. However, it remains unknown whether and how these topological asymmetries evolve from adolescence to young adulthood, a critical period that constitutes the second peak of human brain and cognitive development. To address this question, the present study included a large cohort of healthy adolescents and young adults. Diffusion and structural magnetic resonance imaging were acquired to construct hemispheric white matter networks, and graph-theory was applied to quantify topological parameters of the hemispheric networks. In both adolescents and young adults, rightward asymmetry in both global and local network efficiencies was consistently observed between the 2 hemispheres, but the degree of the asymmetry was significantly decreased in young adults. At the nodal level, the young adults exhibited less rightward asymmetry of nodal efficiency mainly around the parasylvian area, posterior tempo-parietal cortex, and fusiform gyrus. These developmental patterns of network asymmetry provide novel insight into the human brain structural development from adolescence to young adulthood and also likely relate to the maturation of language and social cognition that takes place during this period.
Pharmaceutical cognitive enhancement (PCE) represents the non-medical use of prescribed medication for the improvement of cognitive functioning and academic performance. Although there are some studies about PCE prevalence, it is less clear how users and non-users of PCE substances differ with respect to their positive and negative student experiences (e.g. academic burnout and engagement with studies) and in social cognitive variables that relate to decision-making and self-regulation of PCE use. The present study assessed whether students with different experiences of PCE substance use displayed differences in academic burnout, study engagement, and social cognitive variables relevant to PCE use. Three hundred and forty-seven university students (mean age (M) = 22.15years, SD = 1.69; 54% females) completed a battery of anonymous questionnaires on academic burnout, engagement with studies, social cognitive variables relevant to PCE use, and self-reported use of PCE substances and non-prescribed nutritional supplements. Three user groups emerged, namely non-users (51.9%, n = 180), single users of non-prescribed dietary supplements (25.4%, n = 88), and dual users of both non-prescribed dietary supplements and PCE (22.8%, n = 79). Multivariate analysis of variance indicated significant differences among the three user groups in intentions, attitudes, social norms, and anticipated regret toward PCE use. No significant differences were observed with respect to academic burnout and work engagement. The findings show that university students may engage in PCE use independent of their student experiences. Rather, a chemically assisted performance enhancement mindset seems to differentiate users from non-users of PCE substances.
Objective: Cognitive challenges are prominent features of individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia, impairing occupational, social, and economic functioning. These challenges are predictive of social and work outcomes. Cognitive remediation has been shown to be effective in improving both cognitive and social functions. However, cognitive remediation does not produce improvement in all participants. We investigated demographic, neurocognitive, and psychopathological predictors associated with improvement following cognitive remediation interventions in service recipients with severe mental illnesses. Method: One hundred thirty-seven adult participants with a diagnosis of schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, or bipolar disorder according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (4th ed., text rev.) were enrolled in 12-week cognitive remediation programs. Assessments of demographic and illness variables, together with baseline and end point assessment of psychopathology (Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale [PANSS]), neurocognition (Measurement and Treatment Research to Improve Cognition in Schizophrenia [MATRICS] Consensus Cognitive Battery [MCBB]), and social functions (Personal and Social Performance Scale [PSP]) were conducted. Change in cognitive domains was calculated using the reliable change index. Logistic regression analysis was used to assess predictors of cognitive improvement after the intervention. Results: Sixty-two percent of participants improved on at least 1 of the MCCB domains. Higher baseline speed of processing, attention or vigilance, and working memory predicted a positive response to cognitive remediation. Younger age, higher education level, shorter length of stay, and lower PANSS Negative and Disorganized factors were additional predictors. Conclusions and Implications for Practice: Our results indicate the clinical usefulness of cognitive remediation and identified a pattern of clinical and cognitive predictors of good response to the intervention. Identification of these predictive factors by clinicians may enhance the outcome and aid in the development of individualized rehabilitative cognitive remediation treatment plans.
This study examined whether approach-avoidance related behaviour elicited by facial affect is moderated by the presence of an observer-irrelevant trigger that may influence the observer's attributions of the actor's emotion. Participants were shown happy, disgusted, and neutral facial expressions. Half of these were presented with a plausible trigger of the expression (a drink). Approach-avoidance related behaviour was indexed explicitly through a questionnaire (measuring intentions) and implicitly through a manikin version of the affective Simon task (measuring automatic behavioural tendencies). In the absence of an observer-irrelevant trigger, participants expressed the intention to avoid disgusted and approach happy facial expressions. Participants also showed a stronger approach tendency towards happy than towards disgusted facial expressions. The presence of the observer-irrelevant trigger had a moderating effect, decreasing the intention to approach happy and to avoid disgusted expressions. The trigger had no moderating effect on the approach-avoidance tendencies. Thus the influence of an observer-irrelevant trigger appears to reflect more of a controlled than automatic process.
This paper argues that mind-reading hypotheses (MRHs), of any kind, are not needed to best describe or best explain basic acts of social cognition. It considers the two most popular MRHs: one-ToM and two-ToM theories. These MRHs face competition in the form of complementary behaviour reading hypotheses (CBRHs). Following Buckner (Mind Lang 29: 566-589, 2014), it is argued that the best strategy for putting CBRHs out of play is to appeal to theoretical considerations about the psychosemantics of basic acts of social cognition. In particular, need-based accounts that satisfy a teleological criterion have the ability to put CBRHs out of play. Yet, against this backdrop, a new competitor for MRHs is revealed: mind minding hypothesis (MMHs). MMHs are capable of explaining all the known facts about basic forms of social cognition and they also satisfy the teleological criterion. In conclusion, some objections concerning the theoretical tenability of MMHs are addressed and prospects for further research are canvassed.
Despite the increasing use of portable tablets in learning, their impact has received little attention in research. In five different projects, this media-ethnographic and design-based analysis of the use of portable tablets as a learning resource in science museums investigates how young people's learning with portable tablets matches the intentions of the museums. By applying media and information literacy (MIL) components as analytical dimensions, a pattern of discrepancies between young people's expectations, their actual learning and the museums' approaches to framing such learning is identified. It is argued that, paradoxically, museums' decisions to innovate by introducing new technologies, such as portable tablets, and new pedagogies to support them conflict with many young people's traditional ideas of museums and learning. The assessment of the implications of museums' integration of portable tablets indicates that in making pedagogical transformations to accommodate new technologies, museums risk opposing didactic intention if pedagogies do not sufficiently attend to young learners' systemic expectations to learning and to their expectations to the digital experience influenced by their leisure use.
Super-majorities have occurred frequently in Congress but have escaped scholarly attention. This paper employs new measures of positive agenda control and a unique data set of 3,407 nontrivial bills from 1981 to 2008 to answer two questions: how did legislative leaders construct veto-proof coalitions, and what did presidents do with them? Legislative leaders, we argue, deployed procedures to expand and sustain veto-proof coalitions, despite increasing polarization. The resulting history, which signaled members' commitment to a bill, provided information to the president that reduced uncertainty about possibilities for interbranch bargaining and the likely success of a veto. We find that positive agenda control increased the probability of vote tallies of two-thirds or more, especially after the 1994 election. In addition, we demonstrate that presidents concentrated veto activity on bills with outcomes of less than two-thirds, rejected some veto-proof bills for reputational gains, and deployed signing statements strategically. The analysis suggests that congressional leaders paradoxically gained capacity for nurturing large, bipartisan alliances as the institution became more polarized. Moreover, it demonstrates that strategic activity by legislative leaders is critical to explaining variation in presidential options for veto bargaining and signing statements.
Exosomes are naturally occurring extracellular vesicles released by most mammalian cells in all body fluids. Exosomes are known as key mediators in cell-cell communication and facilitate the transfer of genetic and biochemical information between distant cells. Structurally, exosomes are composed of lipids, proteins, and also several types of RNAs which enable these vesicles to serve as important disease biomarkers. Moreover, exosomes have emerged as novel drug and gene delivery tools owing to their multiple advantages over conventional delivery systems. Recently, increasing attention has been focused on exosomes for the delivery of drugs, including therapeutic recombinant proteins, to various target tissues. Exosomes are also promising vehicles for the delivery of microRNAs and small interfering RNAs, which is usually hampered by rapid degradation of these RNAs, as well as inefficient tissue specificity of currently available delivery strategies. This review highlights the most recent accomplishments and trends in the use of exosomes for the delivery of drugs and therapeutic RNA molecules.
In this manuscript, we report the synthesis, NMR and single-crystal structures of three propylene linking dimers related with the hydrolytic degradation of one 5,6-dehydronorcantharimide dimer. Special attention was paid to the conformation of propylene linkers in order to understand their changes in the reaction. Statistical analysis of CSD database revealed that a-a, g-a and g-g conformations may have similar stability in most cases and various complicated unpredictable non-covalent interactions may play important role in the formation of final rotamers. In order to reproduce all stable conformations and the energy barriers separating them, full range two-dimensional fully relaxed potential-energy surfaces (PES) scans of six 'propylene linker' dimers were calculated starting from the most stable crystal structures. The PES were scanned along both bridge C-C single bond torsional angles (denoted as theta(1) and theta(2)), while all other internal coordinates were optimized at the DFT/B3LYP/3-21G* level in gas phase. Then all energy minima were re-optimized again at the DFT/B3LYP/6-311 + G(d,p) level both in gas and ethanol solutions in order to evaluate the really stable rotamers. At last, 1D or 2D relaxed PES scans were performed between local stable rotamers to get reliable energy barriers. This method represents a less time-consuming and more reliable approach to the determination of conformational stability of propanediyl bridging chains. The combination of experimental, statistical and theoretical results shows that the observed conformation is jointly determined by the energy levels of the minima, energy barriers separating them, non covalent interactions and somewhat randomness. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Recently, graph-based dimensionality reduction methods have attracted much attention due to their widely applications in many practical tasks such as image classification and data clustering. However, an inappropriate graph which cannot accurately reflect the underlying structure and distribution of input data will dramatically deteriorate the performances of these methods. In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm termed Locality Constrained Graph Optimization Dimensionality Reduction (LC-GODR) to address the limitations of existing graph-based dimensionality reduction methods. Firstly, unlike most graph-based dimensionality reduction methods in which the graphs are constructed in advance and kept unchanged during dimensionality reduction, our LC-GODR combines the graph optimization and projection matrix learning into a joint framework. Therefore, the graph in the proposed algorithm can be adaptively updated during the procedure of dimensionality reduction. Secondly, through introducing the locality constraints into our LC-GODR, the local information of high-dimensional input data can be discovered and well preserved, which makes the proposed algorithm distinct from other graph optimization based dimensionality reduction methods. Moreover, an effective updating scheme is also provided to solve the proposed LC-GODR. Extensive experiments on two UCI and five image databases are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm. The experimental results indicate that the proposed LC-GODR outperforms other related methods. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
We prove the vanishing viscosity limit of the Navier-Stokes-Boltzmann equations (see (1.3)) to the Euler-Boltzmann equations (see (1.9)) for a three-dimensional compressible isentropic flow in radiation hydrodynamics. It is shown that under some reasonable assumptions for the radiation coefficients, there exists a unique regular solution of Navier-Stokes-Boltzmann equations with degenerate viscosities, arbitrarily large initial data and far field vacuum, whose life span is uniformly positive in the vanishing viscosity limit. It is worth paying special attention to the fact that, via introducing two different symmetric structures and applying some techniques dealing with the complexity caused by the strong coupling between fluid and radiation field, we can also give some uniform estimates of (I, rho gamma-1/2, u) in H-3 and of del rho/rho in D-1, which provide the convergence of the regular solution of the viscous radiation flow to that of the inviscid radiation flow (see Li-Zhu [17]) in L-infinity([0, T]; H-s') space for any s' is an element of [2, 3) with a rate of epsilon(2(1-s'/3)). (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Seafood fraud - often involving substitution of one species by another - has attracted much attention as it is prevalent worldwide. Whilst DNA analysis has helped to combat this type of fraud some of the methods currently in use are time-consuming and require sophisticated equipment or highly-trained personnel. This work describes the development of a new, real-time PCR TaqMan assay for the detection of ling (Molva molva) in seafood products. For this purpose, specific primers and a minor groove binding (MGB) TaqMan probe were designed to amplify the 81 bp region on the cyt b gene. Efficiency, specificity and cross-reactivity assays showed statistically significant differences between the average Ct value obtained for Molva molva DNA (19.45 +/- 0.65) and the average Ct for non-target species DNA (38.3 +/- 2.8), even with closely related species such as Molva dypterygia (34.9 +/- 0.09). The proposed methodology has been validated with 31 commercial samples. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Introduction: National conference didactic lectures have traditionally featured hour-long lecture-based presentations. However, there is evidence that longer lectures can lead to both decreased attention and retention of information. The authors sought to identify trends in lecture duration, lecture types, and number of speakers at four national emergency medicine (EM) conferences over a 6-year period. Methods: The authors performed a retrospective analysis of the length, number of speakers, and format of didactic lectures at four different national EM conferences over 6 years. The authors abstracted data from the national academic assemblies for the four largest not-for-profit EM organizations in the United States: American Academy of Emergency Medicine, American College of Emergency Physicians, Council of Emergency Medicine Residency Directors, and Society for Academic Emergency Medicine. Results: There was a significant yearly decrease in the mean lecture lengths for three of the four conferences. There was an increase in the percentage of rapid fire sessions over the preceding 2 years with a corresponding decrease in the percentage of general educational sessions. There was no significant difference in the mean number of speakers per lecture. Discussion: An analysis of 4210 didactic lecture sessions from the annual meetings of four national EM organizations over a 6-year period showed significant decreases in mean lecture length. These findings can help to guide EM continuing medical education conference planning and research.
We take on the challenge posed by Horton and Kraftl [2006. What Else? Some More Ways of Thinking and Doing Children's Geographies'. Children's Geographies 4 (1): 69-95, 71.] that research be slowed down' through methodological and theoretical routes to acknowledge seemingly trivial details in children's lives. Based on an ethnographic study in an Australian preschool focusing on children's place-making in a globalizing world, this paper discusses one event in the home corner to exemplify what we understand as and how we enact methodological slowness. The event is revisited by recognizing the role of the unexpected, the troubling and paying attention to data that overspills the research engagement in conducting ideally preset qualitative research'. Research engagements not only reflect but also produce children's lives. Researching the global' is doing the global' as the frames, practices and traditions of research itself are part and parcel of the so-called answers we produce. As result, a more nuanced and complex understanding of how the global' is made and circulated by children surfaces.
Recent attention to communities "localizing" food systems has increased the need to understand the perspectives of people working to foster collaboration and the eventual transformation of the food system. University Cooperative Extension Educators (EEs) increasingly play a critical role in communities' food systems across the United States, providing various resources to address local needs. A better understanding of EEs' perspectives on food systems is therefore important. Inspired by the work of Stevenson, Ruhf, Lezberg, and Clancy on the social food movement, we conducted national virtual focus groups to examine EEs' attitudes about how food system change should happen, for what reasons, and who has the resources, power, and influence to effect change. The institutions within which EEs are embedded shape their perceptions of available resources in the community, including authority and power (and who holds them). These resources, in turn, structure EEs' goals and strategies for food system change. We find that EEs envision working within the current food system: building market-centric alternatives that address inequity for vulnerable consumers and producers. EEs bring many resources to the table but do not believe they can influence those who have the authority to change policy. While these findings could suggest EEs' limited ability to be transformative change agents, EEs can potentially connect their efforts with new partners that share perceptions of food system problems and solutions. As EEs increasingly engage in food system work and with increasingly diverse stakeholders, they can access alternative, transformational frames within which to set goals and organize their work.
Air pollution represented by haze in China has attracted great global attention in recent years. China has recently introduced a series of action plans to improve air quality and prevent air pollution. Remediation on small coal-fired boilers and the development of heat and power cogeneration (HPC) and centralized heat supply (CHS) are important measures for preventing air pollution. This paper introduces the above mentioned policies, An industrial park in Guangdong Province, China, is taken as an example to analyze the contributions of HPC-based industrial CHS to energy saving and environmental protection. The benefits to the heat supplier and user are also analyzed. Furthermore, this paper presents the difficulties and challenges in developing industrial CHS, including mismatching in the early phase, price dispute, measure dispute, and negative inter-effects. The reasons for these problems are analyzed and possible solutions are provided. (C) 2016 Elsevier By. All rights reserved.
Non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) has attracted a significant attention to the research community as a potential candidate for 5G or future radio access. This article presents a NOMA-based cooperative network where a transmitter considered as a base station communicates simultaneously with two users treating as a far user and a near user via the help of a half-duplex decode-and-forward relay. We investigate the outage probability and the outage capacity of the proposed network over independent Rayleigh slow fading channels. Closed-form expressions of the outage probabilities are derived for both users. Approximate outage capacity of the users are also investigated at high signal to noise ratio regime. It has been shown that the proposed cooperative NOMA can achieve superior performance compared to the non-cooperative NOMA in terms of outage probability. The tightness between the simulation and theoretical results confirms the efficiency of the proposed protocol.
Roofers have long suffered from low back disorders (LBDs), which are a primary nonfatal injury in construction. Ergonomic studies have identified several risk factors associated with LBDs in workplaces and developed biomechanical models for general LBD risk assessments. However, these models cannot be directly used for assessments in roof workplaces because they are designed for general tasks without considering roofers' posture variance and effects of working on slanted roof surfaces. This paper examined the relationship between roofing work-related factors and LBD risk among roofers using a laboratory assessment. A pitch-configurable wood platform was built to mimic the rooftop. The maximum trunk flexion angle and normalized electromyography (EMG) signals were measured as indicators using a motion capture system and a skeletal muscle signal recording system under different settings, i.e., different roof slopes, postures, facing directions, and working paces. The results indicated the measured factors with significant effects on the LBD development and revealed unfavorable conditions (e.g., using a stooped posture to work on low-pitch rooftops at a fast pace) where the work on rooftops needs particular attention. Such information is useful for systematic understanding of roofing nonfatal LBD developments among construction professionals and may enable development of interventions and guidelines for reducing the prevalence of LBDs at roofing jobsites. (C) 2017 American Society of Civil Engineers.
Recently, determining the Ramsey numbers of loose paths and cycles in uniform hyper graphs has received considerable attention. It has been shown that the 2-color Ramsey number of a k-uniform loose cycle C-n(k), R(C-n(k), C-n(k)), is asymptotically 1/2(2k- 1)n. Here we conjecture that for any n >= m >= 3 and k >= 3, R(P-n(k), P-m(k)) = R(P-n(k), C-m(k)) = R(C-n(k), C-m(k)) + 1 = (k-1)n + left perpendicular m+1/2 right perpendicular. Recently the case k = 3 was proved by the authors. In this paper, first we show that this conjecture is true for k = 3 with a much shorter proof. Then, we show that for fixed m >= 3 and k >= 4 the conjecture is equivalent to (only) the last equality for any 2m >= n >= in >= 3. Finally we give a proof for the case m = 3. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Suppose that, to assess the joint distribution of a random vector (X-1,...,X-n), one selects the kernels Q(1),...,Q(n) with Q(1) to be regarded as a possible conditional distribution for X-i, given (X, : j not equal i);,Q(n) are compatible if there exists a joint distribution for (X-1,...,X-n) with conditionals Q(1),...,Q(n). Similarly, are improperly compatible if they can be obtained, according to the usual rule, with an improper distribution in place of a probability distribution. In this paper, compatibility and improper compatibility of Q(1),...,Q(n) are characterized under some assumptions on their functional form. The characterization applies, in particular, if each Q(i) belongs to a one parameter exponential family. Special attention is paid to Gaussian conditional autoregressive models. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Background Friendships between people with and without intellectual disability remain elusive. Little is known about factors that support the development of such friendships and what services can do to promote the likelihood that contact will develop into friendship.Method A case study approach was used to explore the qualities and development of a long-term friendship between 2 women, 1 of whom has severe intellectual disability. Qualitative methods of data collection and analysis were used including interviews and field notes from participant observation.Findings The relationship progressed through 3 stages of introduction, consolidation, and autonomy supported by the working practices and culture of the disability support organisation. Individualised activity, the role of a connector, and a culture of positive expectations underpinned the growth of the friendship.Conclusions Friendships do not happen by chance but require thought, attention, dedicated resources, and commitment to long-term outcomes to be achieved.
Introduction. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of consecutive night shifts (CNS) and shift length on cognitive performance and sleepiness. Materials and methods. This study evaluated the sleepiness and performance of 30 control room operators (CROs) working in 7 nights, 7 days, 7 days off (7N7D7O) and 30 CROs working in 4 nights, 7 days, 3 nights, 7 days off (4N7D3N7O) shift patterns in a petrochemical complex on the last night shift before swinging into the day shift. To assess cognitive performance, the n-back test, continuous performance test and simple reaction time test were employed. To assess sleepiness, the Karolinska sleepiness scale was used. Results. Both schedules indicated that the correct responses and response times of working memory were reduced (p=0.001), while intentional errors and sleepiness increased during the shift work (p=0.001). CNS had a significant impact on reaction time and commission errors (p=0.001). Conclusion. The main duty of CROs at a petrochemical plant is checking hazardous processes which require appropriate alertness and cognitive performance. As a result, planning for appropriate working hours and suitable number of CNS in a rotating shift system is a contribution to improving CRO performance and enhancing safety.
This study is carried out to examine whether the psychological capital with its conceptual analysis and sub-dimensions, hope, self-efficacy, durability and optimism existed in the Akhism Organization application which was founded in Kayseri in Anatolia about 810 years ago. The aim of this article is to emphasize the key importance of psyhological capital in creating organizational success and competitive advantage at present and draw attention to the similarities between the applications at the same time as the Akhism Organization regarding the development of psychological capital. In this context, this study includes some exminations concerning the possibility of Akhism Organization' being a source, a guide for the present businesses for the development and the share of psychological capital.
Despite several conventional potent antibacterial therapies, bacterial infections pose a significant threat to human health because they are emerging as the leading cause of death worldwide. Due to the development of antibiotic resistance in bacteria, there is a pressing demand to discover novel approaches for developing more effective therapies to treat multidrug-resistant bacterial strains and biofilm-associated infections. Therefore, attention has been especially devoted to a new and emerging branch of science "nanotechnology" to design non-conventional antimicrobial chemotherapies. A range of nanomaterials and nano-sized carriers for conventional antimicrobial agents have fully justified their potential to combat bacterial diseases by reducing cell viability, by attenuating quorum sensing, and by inhibiting/or eradicating biofilms. This communication summarizes emerging nano-antimicrobial therapies in treating bacterial infections, particularly using antibacterial, quorum quenching, and anti-biofilm nanomaterials as new approaches to tackle the current challenges in combating infectious diseases.
This paper pays attention to predicting the nonlinear bending behaviors of functionally graded materials (FGM) infinite cylindrical shallow shells with a two-parameter elastic foundation by using a two-step perturbation method. The shells are subjected to uniform temperature rise and temperature dependency of the constituents is also taken into account. Two ends of the shells are assumed to be clamped or pinned and in-plane boundary conditions are immovable. The governing equations are derived based on physical neutral surface concept and high order shear deformation theory. The explicit expressions between the transverse load and the deflection are obtained by perturbation method. In numerical examples, some comparisons are shown to verify the correctness of the present research and solution method. It can be concluded that FGM cylindrical shallow shells subjected to uniform bending loadings will bring about snap-through buckling and jump changes, and the foundation can enhance the stability of the shells. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The development of efficient visible-light-driven photocatalysts for water splitting has drawn much attention. Herein, we demonstrated a novel H-2-producing photocatalytic system that employed nitrogen doped graphene quantum dots (NGQDs)-ZnNb2O6/g-C3N4 heterostructures as the hydrogen evolving catalysts. The as-prepared NGQDs-ZnNb2O6/g-C3N4 heterostructures were favorable for light harvesting and charge separation, and showed highly efficient photocatalytic performance for water splitting into hydrogen. Results showed that both the ZnNb2O6/g-C3N4 (Zn/CN) mole ratio and the amount of NGQDs displayed important influence for H-2 production. Moreover, the optimum synthesis conditions of the Zn/CN mole ratio (1/7) and the amount of NGQDs (5%) were both obtained, and the corresponding 5%NGQDs-Zn/7CN sample performed a much higher hydrogen-evolution rate of 340.9 mu mol h(-1) g(-1). By the further studies, the enhanced photocatalytic activity could be ascribed to the crucial roles of NGQDs and heterojunction photocatalytic system, which resulted in an efficient charge separation and the largely enhanced photocatalytic activity. Meanwhile, the possible photocatalytic mechanism of NGQDs-ZnNb2O6/g-C3N4 was also proposed. We envision that this work creates new opportunities for constructing and designing efficient visible-light-driven photocatalysts for hydrogen evolution reaction. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier B.V.
The present paper summarizes the results of some numerical calculations carried out on the basis of a recent wide experimental research. The calculations are performed on axisymmetric specimens weakened by V notches consisting of a large bulk of different shapes. The specimens are subjected to multiaxial fracture loading (tension + torsion). Stress and strain fields in the whole specimens are evaluated herein by using the finite element method (FEM). Special attention is paid to the changing distribution of stresses induced by loading and notch shape. By taking advantage of the numerical calculations carried out in the present investigation, a new non-local fracture criterion for notched specimens under multiaxial loading is proposed and successfully employed and compared with some data taken from the recent literature. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
We investigated whether attachment quality is related to infant-mother dyadic patterns in monitoring animated social situations. Sixty 12-month-old infants and their mothers participated in an eye-tracking study in which they watched abstractly depicted distress interactions involving the separation of a baby and a parent character followed by reunion or further separation of the two characters. We measured infants' and their mothers' relative fixation duration to the two characters in the animations. We found that infant attachment disorganization moderated the correspondence between the monitoring patterns of infant-mother dyads during the final part of the animations resulting in reunion or separation. Organized infants and their mothers showed complementary monitoring patterns: the more the mothers focused their attention on the baby character, the more the infants focused their attention on the parent character, and vice versa. Disorganized infant-mother dyads showed the opposite pattern although the correlation was nonsignificant: mothers and their infants focused on the same character. The attachment-related differences in the nature of the synchrony in the attentional processes of infants and their mothers suggest that by 12months the dyads' representations of social situations reflect their shared social-emotional experiences.
In recent years, the change of biological effects in tumor cells triggered by nanoparticles had become a new breakthrough in cancer therapy. Especially, it was widely accepted that various drug loaded nanoparticles induced tumor cell death by encapsulating more drugs and depending on EPR effects to enhance the concentration of drugs in tumor sites. Nanoparticles as a useful new approach had attracted increasing attention to treat cancer. In fact, nanoparticles also played an important role on tumor cell invasion and metastasis. We used chitosan nanoparticles as a module to explore the internalization of chitosan nanoparticles on the effects of invasion and metastasis in tumor cells. Our new finding demonstrated that chitosan nanoparticles were shown to have the ability of inducing reactive oxygen species and believed to significantly enhance cell invasion and metastasis.
The disorganization and reorganization of starch components considering systems with different levels of complexity is reviewed with particular attention on retrogradation. The approach consists of a gradual analysis of the architecture of starch granules, followed by a discussion of disorganization in excess water and high temperature and subsequent reorganization in model systems and cereal products. The primary progress, bottlenecks, and perspectives are discussed. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Meshless methods for convection-dominated flow problems have the potential to reduce the computational effort required for a given order of solution accuracy compared to mesh-based methods. The state of the art in this field is more advanced for elliptic partial differential equations than for time-dependent convection diffusion problems. In this paper, we introduce a new meshless method that it based on combining the modified method of characteristics with the radial basis functions during the solution reconstruction. The method belongs to a class of fractional time-stepping schemes in which a predictor stage is used for the discretization of convection terms and a corrector stage is used for the treatment of diffusion terms. Special attention is given to the application of this method to solve convection-dominated flow problems in two-dimensional domains. Numerical results are shown for several test examples including the incompressible Navier Stokes equations and the computed results support our expectations for a stable and highly accurate meshless method. (C) 2016 International Association for Mathematics and Computers in Simulation (IMACS). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
ObjectiveWe examined the relationship between American Indian men's attitudes toward pregnancy prevention, STI/HIV prevention, and sexual risk behavior. Attention was given to: (1) attitudes and intentions to use condoms and sexual risk behavior; (2) STI/HIV prevention characteristics and sexual risk behavior; (3) attitudes toward abstinence and monogamy and sexual risk behavior; and (4) decision-making in relationships and sexual risk behavior. Study DesignOur sample included 120 heterosexual American Indian men aged 18 to 24 living on a reservation. Data were collected during in-depth interviews. A community-based participatory research framework was used to ensure the relevancy and acceptability of the study given the sensitivity of the topic. Principal FindingsResults demonstrated that attitudinal factors were associated with sexual risk behavior, particularly inconsistent condom use. Attitudes associated with consistent condom use suggested greater levels of positive dispositions toward prevention and intention to use condoms. Consistent condom use was associated with more cautious attitudes toward sex with multiple sex partners. Study results suggested that American Indian men who reported sex with multiple partners exhibited a set of attitudes and beliefs toward pregnancy prevention and STI/HIV prevention that corresponded with a disposition resulting from their behaviors, in that engaging in sexual risk behavior elevated their levels of risk perception. ConclusionsOur findings suggest that heterosexual American Indian men living in rural environments need sexual and reproductive health programs and clinical services that address differing attitudes toward condom use within the context of multiple sex partners and sexual risk behavior.
Similarity search and related issues are current topic in databases. Over the last ten years more then 6500 papers dealing with similarity in databases were published according to Web of Science. The rising in the number of articles in the recent years shows that the research in this direction is still in its early stage. From the wide range of topics related with similarities in databases, one received a considerable attention already, namely functional dependencies which take similarities into account. Our main concern in this paper is to review and critically examine the existing work on this topic. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Laser ablation in liquid (LAL) has received considerable attention over the last decade, and is gradually becoming an irreplaceable technique to synthesize nanocrystals and fabricate functional nanostructures because it can offer effective solutions to some challenges in the field of nanotechnology. The goal of this review is to offer a comprehensive summary of recent developments of LAL in nanocrystal synthesis and nanostructure fabrication. First, we will introduce the fundamental processes of microsecond, nanosecond, and femtosecond LAL, and how the active species act differently in plasma, cavitation bubbles, and droplets in the different LAL processes. Second, a variety of LAL-based techniques for nanomaterials synthesis and processing are presented, such as electric-, magnetic-, and temperature-field LAL, as well as electrochemically assisted LAL, pulsed laser deposition in liquid, and laser writing of nanopatterns in liquid. Third, new progress in LALgenerated nanomaterials is described. Fourth, we emphasize five applications of LALgenerated nanomaterials that have emerged recently in the fields of optics, magnetism, environment, energy, and biomedicine. Finally, we consider the core advantages of LAL, the limitations of LAL and corresponding solutions, and the future directions in this promising research area. (C) 2017 The Author(s).
One-step aldol condensation of methyl acetate with formaldehyde (or trioxane) for preparing methyl acrylate at 623 K-653 K has stimulated researchers' attention in recent years. Herein, a new methodology for one-step synthesis of methyl acrylate from methyl acetate and trioxane promoted by generated trifluoromethanesulfonate ionic liquid, via aldol condensation, at mild temperature was developed. The kinetic and thermodynamic studies on this new process were also firstly investigated systematically. Experiments were conducted in a batch reactor under the temperatures of 283 K-298 K and reaction times of 10 min - 100 min, wherein the side reactions could be ignored. The proposed mechanism based kinetic model was established and simulated with experimental data. The model showed good agreement with experimental results within the range of acceptable deviation, thereby the pre exponential factor and activation energy of each reaction step were obtained. Moreover, the equilibrium constant and enthalpy change of each reversible reaction were also calculated through Van't Hoff formula. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
An accurate inter-laboratory comparison (ILC) concerning the electrical quantities in low frequency between the laboratory for the calibration of multifunction electrical instruments of the National Institute of Metrology Research (INRIM) and a secondary high level electrical calibration laboratory was performed with satisfactory results. The instrument involved in the ILC was a top class multifunction electrical calibrator, chosen for its wide measurement fields and its excellent definability requiring therefore very small uncertainties to calibrate it. This ILC was the first high accuracy comparison exercise at INRIM involving a grid of about one hundred and thirty measurement points. The ILC allowed to check adequately the measurement capabilities, techniques and uncertainties of this secondary laboratory. Attention was paid to evaluate the correlated terms between the two laboratories measurements. The calibrator showed high stability and resulted more appropriate than fixed standards or than a 8.5 digits multimeter to the aim of the ILC. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Carbon fiber-reinforced polymers (CFRPs) have attracted attention from the aerospace industry due to their light weight, excellent mechanical properties, and resistance to corrosion. However, CFRP composites are difficult to recycle as their recycling process must be performed under extreme conditions; end-of-life regulations do not directly address the problem with reusing these composites. Thus, the objective of this study is to explore solutions that minimize the use of CFRPs and prolong their useful life in the airline industry. To achieve this goal, this work conducted a review of the state of the art of CFRP fiber recycling, emphasizing the recycling processes, restrictions, and regulations. One solution is to develop a CFRP recycling market that would allow the sequential use of recycled materials among industries in descending order of the required structural performance of the composite.
Sliced ready-to-eat traditional meat products presented in individual packaging with more convenience to the consumer is the way that food industry tries to adapt to the new consumer tendencies. The current work assessed the survival of Listeria monocytogenes in a contaminated sliced vacuum packed chourico with different sugar concentrations, two salt levels, and presence/absence of Lactobacillus sakei as starter culture along the storage period at two temperatures (8 degrees C and 22 degrees C). Neither the inoculation with L. sakei, nor the addition of carbohydrates influenced the survival of the pathogen. Higher amount of salt resulted in a signifi cant reduction of L. monocytogenes, and storage at the higher temperature displayed a safer product. After 7 days, L. monocytogenes was not detected in any samples. The study of the association of the factors contributing for L. monocytogenes survival by logistic regression showed that increasing the level of salt addition from 1.5% to 3% reduces the odds of survival of L. monocytogenes to about one fifth (0.174). Worthy of attention is the signifi cant reduction in the odds (OR=0.028) of fi nding viable L. monocytogenes when the samples are stored at room temperature (22 degrees C), when compared to low temperature (8 degrees C). The general and indiscriminate use of refrigeration for meat products might increase the risk of presence of L. monocytogenes. The competitive advantage that L. monocytogenes has at low temperatures, as the potential inhibition of LAB activity, is probably the reason of the observed behaviour. The amount of salt was an important hurdle to control L. monocytogenes growth, so, manufacturing meat products with lower salt contents to meet the demands of healthy products might represent a risk for safety, since high levels of salt together with low a w are the keys for their conservation.
In September 2015, some 5000 women workers of the Kannan Devan Hills Plantation, a large tea estate in Munnar in Kerala, launched a spontaneous agitation demanding increased wages and bonuses. They staged a massive sit-in in Munnar town, bringing operations on the tea-estate to a halt. What was unique about this strike, which garnered considerable domestic media attention, was its non-violent nature and distancing from party-affiliated tea-plantation unions. In this paper, we use interview transcripts from a community radio program to analyze whether this strike can be seen as a precursor for a new unionism of the great mass of contractual, informal workers in India. We do so within the broader question of whether class identity is still relevant for informal labor in the global south. We conclude that a successful working class movement can only emerge when workers understand their roles in the long and convoluted chain of profits and are able to universalize their situations through concrete political action.
The separation of aromatic/aliphatic mixtures is significant in chemical industry. Pervaporation has attracted increasing attention due to its low energy consumption and environmentally friendly process. However, the formation of membranes mostly use toxic organic solvents, whereas in this study water was used instead to prepare membrane in separating aromatic/aliphatic mixtures. W3000 were dispersed in water to form micelles, which were then deposited onto the surface of the tubular porous ceramic substrate through the negative pressure-driven assembly method. The emulsion and composite membranes were characterized by TEM, SEM and FTIR. The crosslinking density of W3000 was also tested using NMR XLD analyzing system. The membranes were used for separating aromatic/aliphatic mixtures through pervaporation. The results showed that compared with the membrane prepared by DMF, the pervaporation separation index (PSI) of the composite membrane formed using water as solvent was 3.3-fold increased for separating toluene/n-heptane mixtures. The as-prepared composite membranes showed a better comprehensive pervaporation performance. This facile strategy may have a potential in the application of pervaporation for separating aromatic/aliphatic mixtures in industry. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Projection neurons play a key role in carrying long-distance information between spatially distant areas of the nervous system and in controlling motor circuits. Little is known about how projection neurons with distinct anatomical targets are organized, and few studies have addressed their spatial organization at the level of individual cells. In the paired commissural ganglia (CoGs) of the stomatogastric nervous system of the crab Cancer borealis, projection neurons convey sensory, motor, and modulatory information to several distinct anatomical regions. While the functions of descending projection neurons (dPNs) which control downstream motor circuits in the stomatogastric ganglion are well characterized, their anatomical distribution as well as that of neurons projecting to the labrum, brain, and thoracic ganglion have received less attention. Using cell membrane staining, we investigated the spatial distribution of CoG projection neurons in relation to all CoG neurons. Retrograde tracing revealed that somata associated with different axonal projection pathways were not completely spatially segregated, but had distinct preferences within the ganglion. Identified dPNs had diameters larger than 70% of CoG somata and were restricted to the most medial and anterior 25% of the ganglion. They were contained within a cluster of motor neurons projecting through the same nerve to innervate the labrum, indicating that soma position was independent of function and target area. Rather, our findings suggest that CoG neurons projecting to a variety of locations follow a generalized rule: for all nerve pathway origins, the soma cluster centroids in closest proximity are those whose axons project down that pathway.
Clergy members suffering from burnout face both personal and professional complications. This study assessed occupational burnout and stress coping mechanisms among ministers affiliated with the Assemblies of God, a denomination that has received little attention in previous burnout-related studies. A cross-sectional design was employed using two instruments with acceptable psychometric properties. Approximately 65 % of those surveyed were either suffering from burnout or on the verge of burnout. Statistical differences in coping mechanism use were found between those who were and were not experiencing some level of burnout. The results of this study add to the existing understanding of occupational burnout among clergy members and ways in which burnout may be alleviated.
Developmental Dyslexia (DD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder affecting reading acquisition. DD cannot be diagnosed before starting the primary school; thereby, one of the main challenges is to obtain an early DD identification even during preschool years. Achieving this goal could help children at risk for DD to limit the impact of this disorder. To this aim, we have created a digital system composed of various serious games designed for predicting the risk of DD in preschoolers and potentially training specific skills impaired in this learning disability. Our set of serious games are designed to be accessible from any device, a computer with mouse and keyboard, but also a tablet with touch interface for younger children.
A test campaign was launched to determine the mechanical properties of the High Luminosity-Large Hadron Collider (HL-LHC) 11 T Nb3Sn magnet components. The results can be used to accurately represent the mechanical properties in finite element models that predict the stress and strain distribution in these magnets. Particular attention is paid to anisotropic mechanical behavior of the different magnet materials. Static and dynamic test methods have been applied for determining elastic materials' behavior, and highly accurate Young's moduli are obtained with the nondestructive dynamic methods resonance and impulse excitation at ambient temperature and during in situ heat cycles.
Since the devastating 2011 tornado season, there has been renewed interest in understanding tornado wind loads and developing methodologies to reduce the risk of tornado damage. This study focuses on the assessment of the system-level performance of five different residential light-frame wood building archetypes subjected to tornado winds. The system-level performance considered three critical components along the vertical load path within each building, namely, the roof sheathing, roof-to-wall connection, and wall-to-foundation anchorage. Although there has been significant work on each of these components independently, combined uplift and lateral forces have received less attention. Therefore, a laboratory testing program for wood shear walls, reported herein, was performed to determine the wall-failure mechanisms and capacities when subjected to combined shear and uplift forces. Each building archetype was designed at varying locations across the United States based on the current residential building code and/or observed practice. Fragilities were developed, based on the assumption that failure of any component along the vertical load path results in failure of the system. Because the forces in each connection along the vertical load path arise from the same tornado wind load, the connection failures are not statistically independent, and Monte Carlo simulation was applied to perform the system reliability analysis. (C) 2017 American Society of Civil Engineers.
Decision support methodologies in precision agriculture should integrate the different dimensions composing the added complexity of operational decision problems. Special attention has to be given to the adequate knowledge extraction techniques for making sense of the collected data, processing the information for assessing decision makers and farmers in the efficient and sustainable management of the field. Focusing on weed management, the integration of operational aspects for weed spraying is an open challenge for modeling the farmers' decision problem, identifying satisfactory solutions for the implementation of automatic weed recognition procedures. The objective of this paper is to develop a decision support methodology for detecting the undesired weed from aerial images, building an image-based viewpoint consisting in relevant operational knowledge for applying precision spraying. In this way, it is possible to assess the potential herbicide cost reductions of increased precision at the spraying device, selecting the appropriate weed precision spraying technology. Findings from this study indicate that the potential gains and marginal cost reductions of herbicides decrease significantly with increased precision in spraying.
Facile probing organic solvents is attracting intense attention due to the growing environmental issues. Herein, for the first time, we report a novel D-pi-A structured methanol responsive fluorescence molecule (TTO), synthesized by coupling triphenylamine (electron-donor) and p-toluenesulfonyl (electron-acceptor) via Cu (I) catalytic 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition (click chemistry) forming a triazole bridge. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations and X-ray single crystal structure reveal that TTO has a highly twisted conformation and unique D-pi-A structure which render it exceptional optical properties. TTO exhibits strong fluorescence in methanol (QE>0.67) but weak fluorescence in other organic solvents (QE<0.1) including various alcohols and can be used as a highly selective fluorescence probe for methanol identification. Notably, TTO is able to excellently probe methanol from its homologue ethanol in water with a detection limit of below 0.7% (volume concentration), which demonstrates the promise potential of TTO for practical applications. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Recently, relationship between fracture surface roughness and material's strength has received too much attention in literature. In this paper, 2D image is used as a novel and economic tool to characterize the fracture surface roughness of steel fiber reinforced concrete (SFRC). The main purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of the steel fiber content, V-f, and the concrete design mix on the surface roughness. The direct tensile tests are carried out on dog-bone shape of SFRC's specimens with a constant size. The fracture surface of the specimens is photographed then fracture trajectory as a XY list of pixel numbers are extracted using image analysis (IA) techniques. The fractal dimensions are calculated based on the Box-counting algorithm via a computational code. Finally, to validate the results, they are applied into formulations of "Discrete fractal fracture mechanics" by Wnuk and Yavari published in 2008 [11]. Accordingly, an estimation for ratio of quantum fracture step to maximum void's size is given to describe the relationship between design strength f(d) and the fracture roughness. Also, steel fiber effect on formation of surface trajectory is discussed according to image analysis results. Correlation matrix of all significant parameters in this study is presented. It is concluded that 2D image analysis is a very economic and accessible method for surface roughness characterization. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
While much research focuses on the causes and consequences of direct democracy and regime legitimacy, little attention has been paid to the potential relationship between them. In an attempt to fill this void, this paper focuses on the legal provisions for direct democracy and its use. The key argument is that possibilities for the public's direct involvement reflect high importance given to citizens, openness of the regime towards different modes of decision-making, and ways to avoid unpopular institutions. Consequently, citizens are likely to accept and support the regime, improving or maintaining its legitimacy. The cross-national analysis includes 38 European countries ranging from transition countries to established democracies. It uses bivariate statistical analysis and country-level data collected from legislation, secondary sources, and aggregate surveys.
In the biorefinery context, thermochemical processes have attracted a significant attention in recent years. Such processes generally consist of three main steps: pretreatment, thermochemical treatment, and post-treatment. In these developing processes, drying and feeding of biomass feedstock remain a significant and costly challenge. The moisture content of biomass feedstock must be decreased to an economic level at pretreatment step otherwise it has to have a detrimental effect on the process efficiency and quality of products. This work addresses the drying of biomass feedstock using novel but practical technology, called biodrying. It is a green technology that offers an opportunity for biomass drying without using an external heat source or fossil fuels, since drying energy is generated through exothermic microbial activity in the biomass that enhances the drying rate. This paper focuses on technoeconomic assessment of continuous biodrying technology integrated to gasification-based biorefinery and investigates the conditions that make such novel technology viable in conjunction with gasification process. Fixed capital investment and operating cost of different biodrying scenarios were estimated as M$4.3-21 and M$0.85/y-3.6/y, respectively, and potential benefits (sludge landfilling cost, energy savings, and carbon credit) from integration of the continuous biodrying system in gasification process implemented in pulp and paper mill were calculated, and ultimately economic performances of the scenarios were assessed. Furthermore, the viable biodrying conditions were specified as 4-day residence time and the major viability risk was found to be bound moisture of biomass.
LaMnO3 has attracted significant attention as energy conversion and storage materials, and especially as a promising noble-metal-free oxide catalyst and a new kind of electrode material for supercapacitors. However, the poor electronic transport ability of LaMnO3 hinders its application. Thus, improvement of its electronic transport ability is essential to enhance the electron transfer from catalyst active sites to an electrode, which is effective to avoid ohmic potential drop and consequently energy loss. In this work, the high-quality epitaxial growth La-deficiency La0.9MnO3 films were obtained by a simple and low cost polymer assisted deposition method. It is found that the room-temperature conductivity (sigma) of doping La0.9MnO3 increases nearly ten times compared to that of the parent LaMnO3. The oxygen-content-driven enhancement of the conductivity is discussed for the oriented La0.9MnO3 film. It is suggested that the existence of the LaAlO3 substrate is beneficial to stabilize the La-deficiency La0.9MnO3 compound and A-site La-deficiency extends the range of oxygen content. Both strain (including epitaxial strain and doping induced chemical strain) and annealing temperature are cooperating on the oxygen content, resulting in the oxygen stoichiometry independence of ambient conditions and the high conductivity. Following this process, conductivity and electronic state of the perovskite-related material can be tuned for the practical application.
The prosperity of location-based services (LBSs) makes more and more people pay close attention to personal privacy. In order to preserve users privacy, several schemes utilized a trusted third party (TTP) to obfuscate users, but these schemes were suspected as the TTP may become the single point of failure or service performance bottleneck. To alleviate the suspicion, schemes with collaborative users to achieve k-anonymity were proposed. In these schemes, users equipped with short-range communication devices could communicate with adjacent users to establish an anonymous group. With this group, the user can obfuscate and hide herself behind at least k - 1 other users. However, these schemes are usually more effcient in snapshot services than continuous ones. To cope with the inadequacy, with the help of caching in mobile devices, we propose a query information blocks random exchange and results caching scheme (short for CaQBE). In this scheme, a particular user is hidden behind collaborative users in snapshot service, and then the caches further preserve the privacy in continuous service. In case of the active adversary launching the query correlation attack and the passive adversary launching the impersonation attack, a random collaborative user selection and a random block exchange algorithm are also utilized. Then based on the feature of entropy, a metric to measure the privacy of the user against attacks from the active and passive adversaries is proposed. Finally, security analysis and experimental comparison with other similar schemes further verify the optimal of our scheme in effectiveness of preservation and effciency of performance.
ObjectiveClinical supervision is fundamental to the training of psychologists. Neuropsychology (NP) is recognised as a distinct discipline of psychology and is an area of endorsement; however, specific training in NP supervision has received limited attention. Reflective practice is a supervisor competency required by the Psychology Board of Australia (PBA) and is one element of NP foundational competencies. Reflective practice can be described as the process of consciously analysing decision-making, and drawing upon theory and experience, in order to improve clinical practice. This discussion paper aims to improve the supervision of neuropsychologists in Australia by providing an explicit framework to incorporate reflective practice into NP supervision. MethodAs a discussion paper, the first stage is to review the NP supervision literature; and second to provide a practical supervision framework to integrate reflective practice in accordance with current research, NP-specific requirements, and the PBA. ResultsThe extant literature on NP supervision is exceedingly limited. NP supervision training frameworks were based upon developmental and competency-based models and indicate that reflective practice is a core element. A practical framework for the implementation of reflective practice was effectively developed. ConclusionsThe reflective approach allows supervisees to attain core functional and foundational neuropsychological competencies, and is flexible to allow for different contexts and potentially new supervision training requirements. Importantly, the reflective practice framework supports ongoing professional development and competency throughout the neuropsychologists' professional career span.
Cognitive models of anxiety propose that heightened anxiety vulnerability is characterized by a tendency to interpret ambiguous situations as threatening. The presence of such an interpretive bias has been confirmed in younger adults, using assessment measures that bypass the limitations of self-report and objectively assess interpretive processing. A recent pioneering study published in 2015 has sought to determine whether this anxiety-linked interpretive bias also is evident in older adults. However, their evidence supporting this hypothesis comes only from self-report measures and memory measures. The present study was designed to provide a stronger test of the hypothesis by objectively assessing interpretive process in high (n = 48) and low (n = 48) trait anxious older adults, using a text comprehension approach that circumvents reliance on self-report or memory measures. The findings were fully consistent with the hypothesis that older adults with higher levels of trait anxiety, compared to those with lower levels of trait anxiety, impose more threatening meanings on ambiguous information. These findings provide the first evidence, from an assessment approach that overcomes the limitations of self-report and memory measures, that elevated anxiety vulnerability in older adults is characterized by a negative interpretive bias.
To achieve higher engineering efficiency in solar cells, group-DT compound semiconductors, such as silicon (Si) or germanium (Ge), in the form of thin films containing carbon (C) and/or tin (Sn) atoms, are gaining attention as alternatives to poly-silicon crystals. Atomic configurations of C and Sn atoms near the (001) surface of a Si thin film were analyzed by first-principles calculation based on density functional theory (DFT). The results of the analysis are threefold. First, C and Sn atoms are most stable at the first atomic layer of the Si thin film, and the surface does not affect the stability of C or Sn atoms deeper than the fifth layer. Second, C and Sn atoms deeper than the fifth layer do not affect the stability of newly arrived C and Sn atoms at the surface during film growth. The effects of the (001) surface and interacting C and/or Sn atoms on the thermal-equilibrium concentrations of C and Sn in each layer of the Si thin film were evaluated in consideration of the degeneracy of the atomic configurations. Third, in the case of mono-doping, formation energy of C (Sn) at the (001) surface increases with increasing concentration of surface C (Sn). In the case of co-doping at C/Sn concentration ratio of 1:1, the formation energies of C and Sn decrease with increasing surface concentrations of C and Sn. It is concluded from these results that co-doping enhances the incorporation of C and Sn atoms in the Si thin film.
Silver nanoparticles (AgNP) have strong broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity and gained increased attention for the development of AgNP based products, including medical and food applications. Initially, the efficacy of AgNP and silver nitrate (AgNO3) was evaluated for inactivating norovirus surrogates, the feline calicivirus (FCV) and the murine norovirus (MNV). These norovirus surrogates were exposed to AgNO3 and AgNP solutions for 24 h at 25 degrees C and then analyzed by cell-culture assays. Both AgNP and silver ions significantly decreased FCV and MNV infectivity in a dose-dependent manner between concentrations of 2.1 and 21 mg/L. Furthermore, poly (3-hydroxybutyrate-co-3-hydroxyvalerate) (PHBV) films were prepared by depositing a coating of thermally post-processed electrospun PHBV18/AgNP fiber mats over compression moulded PHBV3 films. After 24 h exposure at 37 degrees C and 100% RH, no infectious FCV were recovered when in contact with the AgNP films while MNV titers decreased by 0.86 log. The morphology of the PHBV18 and PHBV18/AgNP fibers studied by SEM showed smooth and continuous fibers in both cases and the EDAX analysis confirmed the homogeneously distribution of AgNP into the coating and onto the PHBV3/PHBV18 layer. This study showed, for the first time, the suitability of the PHBV18/AgNP electrospun coating for antiviral surfaces. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
As environmental issues become more prominent, electric vehicles (EV) have attracted an increasing amount of attention. However, the continuous cruising distance of an EV is limited to approximately 160 km, which is insufficient for everyday use. Battery capacity is the limiting factor in long-distance EV travel, because the vehicles need to stop at EV recharging stations multiple times. In Japan, there are more than 2,000 EV charge stations, but there are, at most, two rapid chargers. When multiple users converge at the station, a queuing (or waiting) condition is created, which may lead to a call-loss condition. In other words, an appropriate number of chargers must be installed at each station when planning the EV infrastructure. Therefore, the number of vehicles entering the station must be estimated. In this study, a mathematical model based on the supporting infrastructure for widespread EV use is proposed to estimate the number of vehicles arriving at each charge station.
The design of tailor-made gelators has attracted tremendous level of attention for the fabrication of novel nanogels with responsive characteristics. Exploiting the gel properties of nanocellulose (NC) because of its abundance, sustainability and renewability, we reported the fabrication of a fluorescent hydrogel based on S,N-codoped Graphene Quantum Dots (S,N-GQDs) acting as luminophore and sensitizer. The incorporation of the GQDs into the hydrogel resulted in a significant fluorescence intensity enhancement if compared to GQ.D solutions. In conjunction with recent efforts in the applicability of optical responsive gels, a simple method based on the selectively sensing ability of the GQD/NC hydrogel towards 2,4,5-trichlorophenol (TCP) through the fluorescence enhancement is disclosed. The validity of this strategy is demonstrated with the analysis of TCP in red wine and environmental water samples. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
When reflecting on the nature of skilled action, it is easy to fall into familiar dichotomies such that one construes the flexibility and intelligence of skill at the level of intentional states while characterizing the automatic motor processes that constitute motor skill execution as learned but fixed, invariant, bottom-up, brute-causal responses. In this essay, I will argue that this picture of skilled, automatic, motor processes is overly simplistic. Specifically, I will argue that an adequate account of the learned motor routines that constitute embodied skills cannot be given in a purely bottom-up, brute-causal fashion. Rather, motor control is intelligent all the way down. To establish this, I will first review two recent accounts of skill, Stanley and Krakauer (Front Hum Neurosci, 2013. doi and Papineau (R Inst Philos Suppl 73:175-196, 2013), which characterize the automatic motor control responsible for the fine-grained movements constitutive of motor skill as brute, low-level phenomena. I will then isolate five key features that should apply to skilled motor control, if these accounts are correct. Together, the accounts posit that motor control is: (1) ballistic, (2) invariant, (3) independent of general action trajectories, (4) Insensitive to semantic content, and (5) independent of personal-level intentions. In the final section of this paper, I will appeal to optimal control theory for empirical evidence to challenge the commitment to skilled action as qualified by the above features.
Bioactive antioxidant peptides are more and more attracting the attention of food manufacturers for their potential to transform food in functional food, able to prevent a variety of chronic diseases associated with oxidative stress. In the present study proteins extracted from different vegetable sources (KAMUT (R) khorasan wheat, emmer, lupine and pea) were hydrolyzed with commercial enzymes and Lactobacillus spp. strains. Hydrolysates were separated by size exclusion chromatography and purified fractions were analyzed for their antioxidant activity. Peptides from the fractions with the highest activity were identified by nanoLC-ESI-QTOF-MS and thirteen peptides were selected for synthesis on the basis of their sequence. Four peptides (VLPPQQQY, TVTSLDLPVLRW, VTSLDLPVLRW, FVPY) were found able to scavenge superoxide anion and hydroxyl radicals, organic nitro-radicals (ABTS, DPPH) and to inhibit lipid peroxidation. The impact of this work is targeted to add hydrolysed vegetable proteins to reformulated functional food or to produce health-promoting ingredients and nutraceuticals. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Building discriminative and robust texture representation to deal with the changes of texture appearance is a fundamental issue in texture classification. The Local Binary Pattern (LBP) and its variants gain a lot of attention during the past decade and achieve great success in texture description. However, the current existing LBP-based features which treat LBP as local differential or orientation gradient operator, exploited local orientation pattern or anisotropic structure information separately. In this paper, we investigate the theoretical scheme of local differential approximation on the polar coordinate system in order to build a new LBP-based descriptor which better takes into account both radial plus tangential components and derivative information. First, we present an operator called circumferential derivative (CD) based on the tangential information with different order of derivatives. Then, we present an operator called radial derivative (RD) based on the radial information with different order of derivatives. Both extract complementary information locally around a central pixel. A new descriptor, the local binary circumferential and radial derivative pattern (CRDP) is constructed to fuse both local circumferential and radial derivative features based on different orders as well as a global feature based on global difference (GD) of central pixel's intensity. Extensive experiments on Outex, CUReT, KTH-TIPS and KTH-TIPS2-a texture datasets indicate that the proposed CRDP descriptor is discriminative and robust. The results obtained by the proposed CRDP descriptor outperforms more than twenty recent LBP-based state-of-the-art methods, including the best reported results in the literature for aforementioned texture datasets to the best of our knowledge. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cooking oils are an integral part of a human diet as they are used in almost all types of culinary practices. They serve as sources of lipids with a significant nutritive value and health benefits which can be attributed to their fatty acid compositions and biological antioxidants. However, cooking oils are usually subjected to thermal oxidation which occurs when fresh cooking oil is heated at high temperatures during various food preparations. Repeated use of cooking oils in the commercial food industry is also common to maximize profit. Thermal oxidation of edible oils had since attracted great attention of nutritionist and researchers given the deteriorative effect such as generation of very cytotoxic compounds, loss of carotenoid, phenolics and vitamins thus reducing the overall antioxidant properties of the oils. Furthermore, several in vivo studies had suggested that consumption of thermally-oxidized cooking oils might not be healthy as it might negatively influence the lipid profile (increased low density lipoprotein (LDL), decreased high density lipoprotein (HDL) and elevated cholesterol level), haematological system (alteration in concentration of heamoglobin (Hb), packed cell volume (PCV), white blood cell (WBC) count, neutrophil and lymphocyte counts), kidney function, and induce lipid peroxidation and oxidative stress which have been associated with the pathogenesis of various degenerative diseases. Therefore, thermal oxidation seems not to provide any health benefit, as it deteriorates cooking oils and the consumption of the oils may predispose consumers to various disease conditions that may ensue from free radical generation, thereby having deleterious effect on human health.
This review discusses the unmet needs of patients with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) who are transitioning into adulthood. Although awareness and recognition of ADHD in children, adolescents, and adults have improved in recent years, there is often an interruption in management of the disorder when adolescent patients transition to adult health care services. This review has the following objectives: (1) to identify key issues patients with ADHD (with or without an early diagnosis) face during transition into adulthood; (2) to review the current clinical practice and country-specific approaches to the management of the transition into adulthood for patients with ADHD; (3) to discuss challenges facing clinicians and their patients when drug treatment for ADHD is initiated; (4) to review current ADHD guidelines on transition management in Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea, Turkey, and Africa; and (5) to examine economic consequences associated with ADHD. The review suggests that the transition period to adult ADHD may be an underresearched and underserved area. The transition period plays an important role regarding how ADHD symptoms may be perceived and acted upon by adult psychiatrists. Further studies are needed to explore the characteristics of the transition period. If only a fraction of adolescents go on to have mental disorders during adulthood, especially ADHD, it is crucial to identify their characteristics to target appropriate interventions at the beginning of the course of illness. There continues to be low recognition of adult ADHD and a severe lack of medical services equipped to diagnose and care for patients with ADHD transitioning from child to adult services.
Although young adult women consume the majority of their total daily energy intake from home food sources, the decision-making processes that shape their home food environments have received limited attention. Further, how decision-making may be affected by the transformative experience of motherhood is unknown. In this study, we explore the factors that influence two key decision-making processes food choices while grocery shopping and the use of non-home food sources-and whether there are differences by motherhood status. In-depth interviews were conducted with 40 women, aged 20-29, living in southwest Georgia. Thematic analysis was used to analyze qualitative data stratified by whether or not children were present in the home. Decision-making was affected by numerous factors, Which differed across groups. In regard to grocery shopping, women with children more frequently discussed the influence of nutrition and the preferences of children, while women without children more frequently discussed the influence of taste and the preferences of other household members. Cost, convenience, weight control, and pre-planning meals emerged as salient in both groups. In regard to the use of non-home food sources, convenience and taste were discussed by both groups, while social factors were only discussed by women without children. The cost of eating out was the only reason cited for eating inside the home, and this factor only emerged among women with children. Motherhood may be an important contributor to the decision-making processes that shape young adult women's home food environments. Interventions may find success in framing messaging to emphasize factors identified as motivating healthy decisions, such as protecting the health of children, and practical strategies may be adapted from those already in use, such as pre-planning and budgeting for healthy meals. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Vehicle driveability describes the complex interactions between the driver and the vehicle, mainly related to longitudinal vibrations. Today, a relevant part of the driveability process optimisation is realised by means of track tests, which require a considerable effort due to the number of parameters (such as stiffness and damping components) affecting this behaviour. The drawback of this approach is that it is carried on at a stage when a design iteration becomes very expensive in terms of time and cost. The objective of this work is to propose a light and accurate tool to represent the relevant quantities involved in the driveability analysis, and to understand which are the main vehicle parameters that influence the torsional vibrations transmitted to the driver. Particular attention is devoted to the role of the tyre, the engine mount, the dual mass flywheel and their possible interactions. The presented nonlinear dynamic model has been validated in time and frequency domain and, through linearisation of its nonlinear components, allows to exploit modal and energy analysis. Objective indexes regarding the driving comfort are additionally considered in order to evaluate possible driveability improvements related to the sensitivity of powertrain parameters.
Finger vein recognition has drawn increasing attention from biometrics community due to its security and convenience. In this paper, a novel discriminative binary codes (DBC) learning method is proposed for finger vein recognition. First of all, subject relation graph is built to capture correlations among subjects. Based on the relation graph, binary templates are transformed to describe vein characteristics of subjects. To ensure that templates are discriminative and representative, graph transform is formulated into an optimization problem, in which the distance between templates from different subjects is maximized and templates provide maximum information about subjects. At last, supervised information for training instances is provided by the obtained binary templates, and SVMs are trained as the code learner for each bit. Compared with existing binary codes for finger vein recognition, DBC are more discriminative and shorter. In addition, they are generated with considering the relationships among subjects which may be useful to improve performance. Experimental results on PolyU database and MLA database demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of DBC for finger vein recognition and retrieval.
The health benefits of playing football and the importance of exercise and social contact for healthy ageing are well established, but few older adults in the UK take enough exercise. Football is popular, flexible in format and draws players into engrossing, effortful and social exercise, but the physical demands of play at full speed may make it unsustainable for some older adults. Restricted to walking pace, will play still be engaging? Will health benefits be retained? Will physical demands remain manageable? This pilot study aims to investigate: (1) the experience of older adults playing walking football every week, is it sustainable and rewarding, (2) the intensity and locomotor pattern of walking football, (3) the scale and nature of walking football health benefits and (4) possible cognitive benefits of playing walking football through measures of processing speed, selective and divided attention and updating and inhibition components of executive function. 'Walking football' and 'waiting list' groups were compared before and after 12 weeks of one-hour per week football. Walking football was found to be engaging, sustainable for older adults and moderately intensive; however, selective health and cognitive benefits were not found from this brief intervention.
Tunneling field-effect transistors (TFETs) are gaining attention because of their good scalability and low leakage current. However, they suffer from low on-state current and severe ambipolar conductivity. To address these issues, in this paper, we have proposed a novel junctionless nanowire TFET with induced source side tunneling realized by a hetero-gate-dielectric (HGD JN-TFET). This approach induces a local dip in the conduction band edge at the tunneling junction leading to an abrupt transition between the on and off-states as well as subthreshold swing (SS) as low as 45 mV/dec at low drain voltages. The proposed structure provides I-on of 8.7 x 10(-6) A/mu m and I-off of 1.1 x 10(-11) A/mu m. Also, we have shown that the length of high-k gate insulator as well as its dielectric constant can significantly affect the performance and power efficiency of this device.
We address the important step of determining an effective subset of heuristics in selection hyper heuristics. Little attention has been devoted to this in the literature, and the decision is left at the discretion of the investigator. The performance of a hyper-heuristic depends on the quality and size of the heuristic pool. Using more than one heuristic is generally advantageous, however, an unnecessary large pool can decrease the performance of adaptive approaches. Our goal is to bring methodological rigour to this step. The proposed methodology uses non-parametric statistics and fitness landscape measurements from an available set of heuristics and benchmark instances, in order to produce a compact subset of effective heuristics for the underlying problem. We also propose a new iterated local search hyper-heuristic using multi-armed bandits coupled with a change detection mechanism. The methodology is tested on two real-world optimization problems: course timetabling and vehicle routing. The proposed hyper-heuristic with a compact heuristic pool, outperforms state-of-the-art hyper-heuristics and competes with problem specific methods in course timetabling, even producing new best-known solutions in 5 out of the 24 studied instances. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Higher education is understood as essential to enabling social mobility. Research and policy have centred on access to university, but recently attention has turned to the journey of social mobility itself - and its costs. Long-distance or extreme' social mobility journeys particularly require analysis. This paper examines journeys of first-in-family university students in the especially high-status degree of medicine, through interviews with 21 students at an Australian medical school. Three themes are discussed: (1) the roots of participants' social mobility journeys; (2) how sociocultural difference is experienced and negotiated within medical school; and (3) how participants think about their professional identities and futures. Students described getting to medical school the hard way', and emphasised the different backgrounds and attitudes of themselves and their wealthier peers. Many felt like imposters', using self-deprecating language to highlight their lack of fit' in the privileged world of medicine. However, such language also reflected resistance to middle-class norms and served to create solidarity with community of origin, and, importantly, patients. Rather than narratives of loss, students' stories reflect a tactical refinement of self and incorporation of certain middle-class attributes, alongside an appreciation of the worth their difference' brings to their new destination, the medical profession.
Natural Gas Direct Injection (NGDI) engines have attracted attention of engine manufacturers because of low pollutant emissions and high efficiency. The jet structure and injector properties are control parameters for optimal mixture formation and stable combustion. Here, the jet characteristics are investigated experimentally. The natural gas jet, injected through a multi-hole injector, is visualized using Schlieren photography. The effects of injection and chamber pressures on macroscopic jet characteristics are examined. New correlations for tip speed and tip penetration are presented. Results show that reducing chamber pressure is more effective than injection pressure for increasing the jet axial penetration. Moreover, the linear relation between non-dimensional tip penetration and time is dependent on the chamber-toinjected gas density ratio. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
High-temperature superconducting (HTS) generators for large-scale wind power generation systems attract much research attention. Excitation systems in HTS generators, particularly brushless HTS exciters, are a new challenge. To verify the possibility of a brushless HTS exciter in a large-scale wind power generator, we designed and fabricated HTS coils for a laboratory-scale wind power generator employing a brushless exciter. In order to supply dc current into the HTS coils, a brushless exciter was considered in the generator. All of the field coils were wound with an HTS coated conductor made of 2G GdBCO wire. The conduction cooling test was executed in a cryogenic test chamber to check the performances at 30 K. The detailed results of the operating performance of the HTS coils were discussed in detail.
The prevalence of weight problems is increasing worldwide. There is growing evidence that high body mass index (BMI) is associated with frontal lobe dysfunction and cognitive deficits concerning mental flexibility and inhibitory control efficiency. The present study aims at replicating and extending these observations. We compared cognitive control performance of normal weight (BMI= 25) university students on a task tapping either inhibitory control (Experiment 1) or interference control (Experiment 2). Experiment 1 replicated previous findings that found less efficient inhibitory control in overweight individuals. Experiment 2 complemented these findings by showing that cognitive control impairments associated with high BMI also extend to the ability to resolve stimulus-induced response conflict and to engage in conflict-driven control adaptation. The present results are consistent with and extend previous literature showing that high BMI in young, otherwise healthy individuals is associated with less efficient cognitive control functioning. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Our planet is gradually moving towards an urbanized world. Modern urban agglomerations tend to turn nowadays into advanced information hubs supporting a smart management of dynamic urban systems. The currently popular notion of 'smart cities' aims to provide a new perspective for sustainable and high-performance strategies of city stakeholders in our 'urban century'. In this context, digital information technology provides a new tool for efficient and effective management and planning of urban space, inter alia in the field of transportation, environment, public facilities or advanced service provision to citizens. This paper aims to offer, first, a concise overview of the emerging opportunities of information and communication technology (ICT) for smart urban policy; digital technology in particular, appears to provide novel pathways for modern planning strategies in smart cities. Against this background, the paper sketches out the complex force field of global urbanisation phenomena and highlights the data and information needs for strategic planning of cities (using inter alia as a framework the so-called 'urban piazza' strategy framework). Secondly, various new decision support tools that are currently emerging and that offer a new promising scope for handling complex urban management issues (for instance, on accessibility, congestion, safety or sustainability) are briefly presented. And finally, the potential of such digital data systems for urban management and policy is concisely illustrated by means of some recent applications in the area of smartphone data systems. The paper concludes with a discussion of the challenges ahead for urban policy, inter alia by paying attention to institutional and governance aspects of 'big digital data' management in urban systems. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Oxygen reduction reaction (ORR) is at the core of various applications, such as fuel cells, metal-air batteries and H2O2 electro-generation. Depending on the targeted application, catalysts that follow a "direct four-electron (4e(-))" pathway or "two-electron (2e(-))" pathway are envisaged. We have systematically investigated the impact of the electrocatalyst loading on the rotating ring-disk electrode (RRDE), on their activity and selectivity towards ORR in alkaline medium (0.1 M and 1M KOH). Four representative catalysts, including a noble metal catalyst (commercial 20 wt% Pt/C, ETEK), metal-free catalysts (Printex carbon black and graphene), and non-noble metal catalyst (Fe/N/C), were selected because they exhibit different behaviours for ORR following a "direct four-electron (4e-)" pathway, "two-electron (2e-)" pathway, or a "series 2e(-) + 2e(-)" pathway. The results confirmed that the catalyst loading influences the activity and the selectivity of the catalysts, with lower loadings favoring the H2O2 electrogeneration, and researchers should pay attention to it. Moreover, in order to make possible comparison between results coming from different research groups, we recommend reasonable loading ranges for each type of catalyst. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Holographic algorithms, alternatively known as Pfaffian circuits, have received much attention for giving polynomial-time algorithms to a subset of problems in #P. Much work has been done determining the power of this machinery. One intriguing aspect is that these circuits must be planar. We investigate relaxations of this planarity condition. We show that an approach using orbit closures does not work, but give a different technique that allows one SWAP gate to be used in a Pfaffian circuit given suitable bases and restricted types of graphs. This is done by exploiting the fact that Pfaffian gates lie in a hyperplane. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Researchers are concerned with identifying the risk and protective factors associated with adolescents' involvement in cyberharassment. One such factor is parental mediation of children's electronic technology use. Little attention has been given to how different parental mediation strategies (i.e., instructive, restrictive, co-viewing) relate to adolescents' cyberharassment (i.e., cyberbullying, cybertrolling) perpetration and victimization, and how gender might impact these associations. To this end, the present study examined the moderating effect of gender on the longitudinal association between parental mediation strategies and adolescents' cyberharassment involvement. This focus was examined using a sample of 568 (53% female) adolescents from the 8th grade in the United States. The association between restrictive mediation and cybervictimization was more positive for girls when compared to boys, while the relationship between instructive mediation and cybervictimization was more negative for girls than for boys. The findings underscore the importance of considering parents in adolescents' cyberharassment involvement. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy, that is, the administration of chemotherapy before surgery, has been commonly used for locally advanced breast cancer to improve the surgical outcomes and increase the opportunity for breast-conserving therapy. Women with breast cancer often receive an anthracycline-based regimen as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy, which is associated with a high risk of emesis. Despite the development of novel antiemetics, chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV) has been commonly reported as a major adverse effect, affecting the quality of life of the patients. However, the factors predicting CINV in women with breast cancer undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy remain unclear. In this single-institution, prospective, observational study conducted at an outpatient cancer centre in the Republic of Korea from November 2013 to March 2016, we analysed women with breast cancer who planned to be treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy before surgery. Candidate factors associated with CINV were assessed before neoadjuvant chemotherapy using the Munich Chronotype Questionnaire, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale. CINV was assessed after chemotherapy by using the Multinational Association of Supportive Care in Cancer Antiemesis Tool. Of a total of 143 participants, 7 patients were lost to follow-up and 2 patients were excluded due to changes in their treatment plan; thus, 134 patients were finally included in the analyses. Overall, 48.5% of the participants experienced CINV, with delayed CINV prevalence (42.5%) being more common than acute (39.6%). In the univariate analyses, overall CINV was significantly associated with late chronotypes (odds ratio [OR], 3.49; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.37-8.87; p = 0.009), a history of nausea/vomiting (OR, 2.19; 95% CI, 1.10-4.37; p = 0.026) and anxiety (OR, 2.25; 95% CI, 1.05-4.81; p = 0.036). In the multivariate analyses, late chronotypes (OR, 3.53; 95% CI, 1.27-9.79; p = 0.015) and a history of nausea/vomiting (OR, 2.83; 95% CI, 1.31-6.13; p = 0.008) remained significantly associated with CINV. In conclusion, in women with breast cancer undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy before surgery, late chronotypes were found to have an increased risk of CINV; these data suggest that clinicians need to assess and consider the chronotype in the management of CINV.
The present study evaluated the Response Bias scale (RBS), a symptom validity test embedded within the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI)-2 Restructured Form (MMPI-2-RF) that assesses for feigned neurocognitive complaints, in a sample of pretrial incompetent to stand trial (IST) criminal defendants. Additionally, we examined the Improbable Failure (IF) scale, a performance validity test embedded within the Structured Interview of Reported Symptoms, Second Edition (SIRS-2), which similarly assesses for feigned cognitive impairment (FCI). Results indicated that both the RBS (area under the curve [AUC] = .76) and IF scale (AUC = .72) achieved moderate classification accuracy using the Test of Memory Malingering (TOMM) as the criterion. Further, the RBS and IF scale appeared to be most useful for screening out those defendants who presented as genuine (specificity = 99% and 88%, respectively), and less effective at classifying those defendants suspected of feigning according to the TOMM (sensitivity = 29% and 46%, respectively). In order to identify a significant proportion of IST defendants who may be feigning impairment, considerably lower cutoff scores than those recommended in each measure's manual were evaluated. An RBS T score of 63 (sensitivity = 86%; specificity = 37%), and IF scale raw score of 2 (sensitivity = 80%; specificity = 43%), was required to achieve >= 80% sensitivity; these alternate cutoff scores may therefore be useful when screening inpatient forensic psychiatric IST defendants. Further, the 2 scales effectively predicted TOMM classification in combination, although only the RBS significantly contributed to the model. Implications for the assessment of FCI in forensic psychiatric settings are discussed.
Background and purpose: Few studies have examined why some patients with dementia stop attending medical consultations. We conducted a retrospective study to investigate factors associated with discontinuous clinic attendance. Methods: Participants were 988 patients with dementia from university hospital (UH) clinics and affiliated local hospital (LH) clinics. We compared continuous and discontinuous attenders on cognitive and affective functions and activities of daily living (ADL), and also compared UH and LH patients (UH: continuous, n = 176; discontinuous, n = 207; LH: continuous, n = 418; discontinuous, n = 187). Results: The total annual rate of discontinuation was 8.0%, and the mean period of attendance before discontinuation was 2.2 2.4 years (UH, 2.8 +/- 3.0; LH, 1.5 +/- 1.3, P < 0.01). Scores for the Mini-Mental State Examination, Hasegawa Dementia Scale - Revised, Geriatric Depression Scale, apathy scale, Abe's behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD) score, and ADL were significantly worse in the discontinuous group than the continuous group for both UH and LH patients (P < 0.01). The best predictor of discontinuation was ADL decline (UH and LH) and Abe's BPSD score (UH). The most common reason for discontinuation was returning to the family doctor (39.1% for UH), and cessation of hospital attendance at their own discretion (35.3% for LH). Conclusions: We identified the main reasons for discontinuation of attendance as returning to the family doctor and cessation of hospital attendance at their own discretion. The best predictors of discontinuation were ADL decline and worsening BPSD. There were significant differences in discontinuation between UH and LH patients with dementia.
This review presents a broader approach to the implementation and study of runs of homozygosity (ROH) in animal populations, focusing on identifying and characterizing ROH and their practical implications. ROH are continuous homozygous segments that are common in individuals and populations. The ability of these homozygous segments to give insight into a population's genetic events makes them a useful tool that can provide information about the demographic evolution of a population over time. Furthermore, ROH provide useful information about the genetic relatedness among individuals, helping to minimize the inbreeding rate and also helping to expose deleterious variants in the genome. The frequency, size and distribution of ROH in the genome are influenced by factors such as natural and artificial selection, recombination, linkage disequilibrium, population structure, mutation rate and inbreeding level. Calculating the inbreeding coefficient from molecular information from ROH (F-ROH) is more accurate for estimating autozygosity and for detecting bothpast and more recent inbreeding effects than are estimates from pedigree data (F-PED). The better results of F-ROH suggest that F-ROH can be used to infer information about the history and inbreeding levels of a population in the absence of genealogical information. The selection of superior animals has produced large phenotypic changes and has reshaped the ROH patterns in various regions of the genome. Additionally, selection increases homozygosity around the target locus, and deleterious variants are seen to occur more frequently in ROH regions. Studies involving ROH are increasingly common and provide valuable information about how the genome's architecture can disclose a population's genetic background. By revealing the molecular changes in populations over time, genome-wide information is crucial to understanding antecedent genome architecture and, therefore, to maintaining diversity and fitness in endangered livestock breeds.
Chronic stress is a precipitating factor for disorders including depression. The basolateral amygdala (BLA) is a critical substrate that interconnects with stress-modulated neural networks to generate emotion and mood-related behaviors. The current study shows that 3 h per day of restraint stress for 14 days caused mice to exhibit long-term depressive behaviors, manifested by disrupted sociality and despair levels, which were rescued by fluoxetine. These behavioral changes corresponded with morphological and molecular changes in BLA neurons, including chronic stress-elicited increases in arborization, dendritic length, and spine density of BLA principal neurons. At the molecular level, calcium-permeable alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptors (CP-AMPARs) within the synaptosome exhibited an increased GluR1:GluR2 subunit ratio. We also observed increased GluR1 phosphorylation at Ser 845 and enhanced cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase (PICA) activity in the BLA. These molecular changes reverted to the basal state post-treatment with fluoxetine. The expression of synaptophysin (SYP) and postsynaptic density protein 95 (PSD-95) at BLA neuronal synapses was also enhanced by chronic stress, which was reversed post-treatment. Finally, chronic stress-provoked depressive behavior was overcome by local blockage of CP-AMPARs in the BLA via stereotaxic injection (IEM-1460). Chronic stress-elicited depressive behavior may be due to hypertrophy of BLA neuronal dendrites and increased of PICA-dependent CP-AMPAR levels in BLA neurons. Furthermore, fluoxetine can reverse chronic stress triggered cytoarchitectural and functional changes of BLA neurons. These findings provide insights into depression-linked structural and functional changes in BLA neurons. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
ObjectiveElectroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains underutilized because of fears of cognitive and medical risks, including the risk of death. In this study, we aimed to assess the mortality rate of ECT by means of a systematic review and pooled analysis. MethodThe study was conducted in adherence with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guideline. The ECT-related mortality rate was calculated as the total number of ECT-related deaths reported in the included studies divided by the total number of ECT treatments. ResultsFifteen studies with data from 32 countries reporting on a total of 766 180 ECT treatments met the inclusion criteria. Sixteen cases of ECT-related death were reported in the included studies yielding an ECT-related mortality rate of 2.1 per 100 000 treatments (95% CI: 1.2-3.4). In the nine studies that were published after 2001 (covering 414 747 treatments), there was only one reported ECT-related death. ConclusionThe ECT-related mortality rate was estimated at 2.1 per 100 000 treatments. In comparison, a recent analysis of the mortality of general anesthesia in relation to surgical procedures reported a mortality rate of 3.4 per 100 000. Our findings document that death caused by ECT is an extremely rare event.
In the late 1920s the government of the Federal Territory of Quintana Roo introduced the cooperative system in the chicle industry, which was controlled by U.S. chewing-gum companies and its contratistas, intermediaries between the companies and the chicle producers. However, the project ended in failure, because of various factors, including the impact of the Great Depression, U.S. companies' boycott, the competition between chicle and other raw materials for chewing-gum, the corruption and inefficiencies in the government, or the discord between the local and federal governments.
BackgroundIrritability, a frequent complaint in children with psychiatric disorders, reflects increased predisposition to anger. Preliminary work in pediatric clinical samples links irritability to attention bias to threat, and the current study examines this association in a large population-based sample. MethodsWe studied 1,872 children (ages 6-14) using the Development and Well-Being Assessment (DAWBA), Childhood Behavior Checklist (CBCL), and dot-probe tasks. Irritability was defined using CBCL items that assessed temper tantrums and hot temper. The dot-probe task assessed attention biases for threat-related (angry face) stimuli. Multiple regression analysis was used to assess specificity of associations to irritability when adjusting for demographic variables and co-occurring psychiatric traits. Propensity score matching analysis was used to increase causal inference when matching for demographic variables and co-occurring psychiatric traits. ResultsIrritability was associated with increased attention bias toward threat-related cues. Multiple regression analysis suggests associations between irritability and threat bias are independent from demographic variables, anxiety, and externalizing traits (attention-deficit/hyperactivity, conduct, and headstrong/hurtful), but not from broad internalizing symptoms. Propensity score matching analysis indicated that this association was found for irritable versus nonirritable groups matched on demographic and co-occurring traits including internalizing symptoms. ConclusionsIrritability in children is associated with biased attention toward threatening information. This finding, if replicated, warrants further investigation to examine the extent to which it contributes to chronic irritability and to explore possible treatment implications.
Compared with chronological age, criminologists have paid less attention to the biological sense of age typically expressed by pubertal development. Studies that have examined pubertal timing's effects on delinquency have almost exclusively been conducted in Western countries using mostly White samples. To our knowledge, no study has ever examined this issue in the Asian context. The current study is the first attempt to bridge this research gap by examining the association among menarcheal timing, the sex composition of schools, and delinquency in a representative sample of 1,108 ninth-grade girls in South Korea. The results show that significant association between early menarche and delinquency exists only in mixed-sex schools but not in all-girls schools. In addition, the significant linkage between early menarche and delinquency in mixed-sex schools is mediated by delinquent peer associations.
Importance: Treatment augmentation is an important clinical decision in the pharmacotherapy for depression, yet few studies have examined the rates of treatment augmentation by medication class. Objective: The aim of this study was to examine which initial pharmacotherapies for depression are more likely than others to result in subsequent treatment augmentation. Methods: This study is a retrospective cohort analysis of administrative data of 214,705 privately insured US adults between the age of 18 and 64 years who were diagnosed with a new episode of depression in 2009. Propensity score-adjusted logistic regression and Cox regression were used to model the effect of the class of initial monotherapy on treatment augmentation. Risk adjustors included depression severity, comorbidities, provider type, insurance, and demographic characteristics. Exposure: The class of initial monotherapy and the health care provider type were the main independent variables of interest. Main Outcome: The outcome was the augmentation of monotherapy. Results: Thirty-four percent of individuals received treatment augmentation. Compared with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor monotherapy, second-generation antipsychotics as the initial treatment were associated with significant increase in the likelihood of augmentation compared with the other classes (hazards ratio, 2.59; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.51-2.68). This result was corroborated after propensity score adjustment (odds ratio, 2.85; 95% CI, 2.70-3.00) when comparing second-generation antipsychotics to the other classes of pharmacotherapy. The other significant predictor of treatment augmentation was the provider type. Mental health specialists were 27% more likely to augment a treatment compared with generalists (hazards ratio, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.25-1.30). Conclusions: The type of initial antidepressant therapy is associated with the chances of treatment augmentation. Second-generation antipsychotics progressed to augmentation more rapidly than the other classes.
Alcohol and substance (drugs and/or alcohol) abuse are major risk factors for traumatic brain injury (TBI); however, it remains unclear whether outcomes differ for those with and without a history of preinjury abuse. A meta-analysis was performed to examine this issue. The PubMed, Embase, and PsycINFO databases were searched for research that compared the neuroradiological, cognitive, or psychological outcomes of adults with and without a documented history of alcohol and/or substance abuse who sustained nonpenetrating TBIs. Data from 22 studies were analyzed using a random-effects model: Hedges's g effect sizes measured the mean difference in outcomes of individuals with/without a history of preinjury abuse, and Bayes factors assessed the probability that the outcomes differed. Patients with a history of alcohol and/or substance abuse had poorer neuroradiological outcomes, including reduced hippocampal (g=-0.82) and gray matter volumes (g=-0.46 to -0.82), and enlarged cerebral ventricles (g=-0.73 to -0.80). There were limited differences in cognitive outcomes: Executive functioning (g=-0.51) and memory (g=-0.39 to -0.43) were moderately affected, but attention and reasoning were not. The findings for fine motor ability, construction, perception, general cognition, and language were inconclusive. Postinjury substance and alcohol use (g=-0.97 to -1.07) and emotional functioning (g=-0.29 to -0.44) were worse in those with a history of alcohol and/or substance abuse (psychological outcomes). This study highlighted the type and extent of post-TBI differences between persons with and without a history of alcohol or substance abuse, many of which may hamper recovery. However, variation in the criteria for premorbid abuse, limited information regarding the history of abuse, and an absence of preinjury baseline data prevented an assessment of whether the differences predated the TBI, occurred as a result of ongoing alcohol/substance abuse, or reflected the cumulative impact of alcohol/substance abuse and TBI.
The current research tested a model with satisfaction with relationship status and fear of being single as mediators in serial of the linkage relationship status - well-being measured in terms of life satisfaction, emotional and psychological well-being, and depression. Results from a sample of 556 Polish participants aged 20 to 35 (M = 22.64, SD = 3.34) demonstrated that the link between relationship status and well-being was fully mediated by satisfaction with relationship status and fear of being single operating as separate mediators, as well as by satisfaction with relationship status and fear of being single as mediators in serial. In addition, the indirect effect of relationship status on well-being through satisfaction with relationship status was larger than the indirect effect of relationship status on well-being through satisfaction with relationship status and fear of being single operating in serial. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
BACKGROUND: Little is known about anorectal function and quality of life after chemoradiation followed by local excision, which is an alternative to total mesorectal excision for selected patients with early rectal cancer. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to prospectively assess anorectal function and health-related quality of life of patients with T2N0 rectal cancer who were treated with an alternative approach. DESIGN: This was a prospective, phase II trial. SETTINGS: The study was multicentric (American College of Surgeons Oncology Group trial Z6041). INTERVENTIONS: Patients with stage cT2N0 rectal adenocarcinomas were treated with an oxaliplatin/capecitabine-based chemoradiation regimen followed by local excision. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Anorectal function and quality of life were assessed at enrollment and 1 year postoperatively with the Fecal Incontinence Severity Index, Fecal Incontinence Quality of Life scale, and Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Colorectal Questionnaire. Results were compared, and multivariable analysis was performed to identify predictors of outcome. RESULTS: Seventy-one patients (98%) were evaluated at enrollment and 66 (92%) at 1 year. Compared with baseline, no significant differences were found on Fecal Incontinence Severity Index scores at 1 year. Fecal Incontinence Quality of Life results were significantly worse in the lifestyle (p < 0.001), coping/behavior (p < 0.001), and embarrassment (p = 0.002) domains. There were no differences in the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy overall score, but the physical wellbeing subscale was significantly worse and emotional well-being was improved after surgery. Treatment with the original chemoradiation regimen predicted worse depression/self-perception and embarrassment scores in the Fecal Incontinence Quality of Life, and male sex was predictive of worse scores in the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy overall score and trial outcome index. LIMITATIONS: Small sample size, relatively short follow-up, and absence of information before cancer diagnosis were study limitations. CONCLUSIONS: Chemoradiation followed by local excision had minimal impact on anorectal function 1 year after surgery. Overall quality of life remained stable, with mixed effects on different subscales. This information should be used to counsel patients about expected outcomes.
Background: Negative mental imagery is ubiquitous in cognitive models of social anxiety and in the social anxiety literature. Previous research has shown that it is causal of increased anxiety, lower social performance ratings and lower implicit self-esteem. Despite its prevalence, few studies have investigated this imagery directly. Aims: This study aimed to provide an in-depth analysis of the phenomenology of negative imagery experienced by socially anxious individuals, and to compare recurrent and intrusive images with images deliberately generated by participants during the study. Method: Thirty-eight undergraduate students screened to be above average in social anxiety scores completed a computerized imagery questionnaire adapted from previous qualitative work. Results: Thematic analyses revealed four major image themes for intrusive images and three for deliberately generated images including interacting with others and anxiety symptoms. Most intrusive images were based on negative episodic memories and were experienced at least fortnightly. Images were primarily visual, auditory and somatic but could involve any sensory modality. Depression anxiety stress scale (DASS-21) scores were higher in participants who experienced intrusive imagery and increased with the frequency of intrusions. Emotionality was generally higher in intrusive images than generated images. Conclusions: The phenomenology of negative imagery experienced by socially anxious individuals is idiosyncratic and may be inherently different from images generated for use in experimental research. Theoretical and clinical implications are discussed.
Background: While short-term psychodynamic psychotherapies have been shown effective for major depression, it is unclear if this could be a treatment of choice for depressed patients, many of whom have chronic and complex health issues, who have not sufficiently responded to treatment. Method: This superiority trial used a single blind randomised parallel group design to test the efficacy of time-limited Intensive Short-Term Dynamic Psychotherapy (ISTDP) for treatment resistant depression (TRD). Patients referred to secondary care community mental health teams (CMHT) who met DSM-IV criteria for major depressive episode, had received antidepressant treatment weeks, and had Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) scores of were recruited. The effects of 20 sessions of ISTDP were judged through comparison against secondary care CMHT treatment as usual (TAU). The primary outcome was HAM-D scores at 6 months. Secondary outcomes included the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) self-report measures for depression and dichotomous measures of both remission (defined as HAM-D score <= 7) and partial remission (defined as HAM-D score <= 12). Results: Sixty patients were randomised to 2 groups (ISTDP = 30 and TAU = 30), with data collected at baseline, 3, and 6 months. Multi-level linear regression modelling showed that change over time on both depression scales was significantly greater in the ISTDP group in comparison to TAU. Statistically significant between-group treatment differences, in the moderate to large range, favouring ISTDP, were observed on both the observer rated (Cohen's d=0.75) and self-report measures (Cohen's d=0.85) of depression. Relative to TAU, patients in the ISTDP group were significantly more likely after 6 months to achieve complete remission (36.0% vs. 3.7%) and partial remission (48.0% vs. 18.5%). Limitations: It is unclear if the results are generalizable to other providers, geographical locations and cultures. Conclusions: Time-limited ISTDP appears an effective treatment option for TRD, showing large advantages over routine treatment delivered by secondary care services.
Stress plays an important role in major depressive disorder (MDD) and is one of the state dependent factors in suicidal behavior. A dysfunctional hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis is a common feature in this disorder. The involvement of environmental factors has added additional complexity to understanding depression or suicidal behavior. In this regard, epigenetic regulation has been considered a mechanistic interface between environmental stress stimuli and altered functioning of underlying gene network that may increase susceptibility to depression or suicidal behavior. The present study examined whether epigenetic modifications of stress related genes are associated with MDD and whether there are differences in these epigenetic marks between depressed individuals with and without serious suicidal ideation. Using MeDIP analysis in genomic DNA isolated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) of healthy controls (n = 20), MDD patients with (n = 14) or without serious suicidal ideation (n = 10), we studied methylation of the stress-associated genes, Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF), Nuclear Receptor Subfamily 3 Group C Member 1 (NR3C1), FK506 Binding Protein 5 (FKBP5), Corticotropin Releasing Hormone Binding Protein (CRHBP), and Corticotropin Releasing Hormone Receptor 1 (CRHR1). In addition, we determined their transcript levels in RNAs isolated from the same PBMC. We found that BDNF, FKBP5, CRHBP, and NR3C1 gene promoters were significantly hypermethylated in MDD patients with and without suicidal ideation. We also found concomitant reductions in expression of BDNF, FKBP5 transcript variants (1, 2 and 3), and NR3C1 genes in these patients, suggesting that promoter hypermethylation in these genes may functionally be associated with their observed downregulation in MDD patients. In a secondary analysis, methylation of these genes was compared between MDD patients with or without serious suicidal ideation and controls. The MDD with serious suicidal ideation were significantly different from controls while the MDD without were not, although MDD with or without suicidal ideation were not different from each other, likely owning to a relatively small sample size. Thus, our findings underline the importance of epigenetic modifications of stress-associated genes in depression and, possibly, suicidal behavior, which, in future, needs to be confirmed in a larger patient population. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a psychiatric disorder. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been found to be effective for treating PTSD, but whether different frequencies have different effects remains controversial. We conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis to address this question. We searched the literature for studies written in English or Chinese in 9 electronic databases from the databases' inception to August 1, 2016. Additional articles were identified from the reference lists of identified studies and from personal reference collections. Eighteen articles were included, and 11 were suitable for the meta-analysis (Combined sample size was 377 (217 in active rTMS groups, 160 in sham-controlled groups)). Low-frequency (LF) rTMS resulted in a significant reduction in the PTSD total score and the depression score (1. PTSD total score: pooled SMD, 0.92; Cl, 0.11-1.72; 2. Depression: pooled SMD, 0.54; CI, 0.08-1.00). High-frequency (HF) rTMS showed the following results: 1. PTSD total score: pooled SMD, 3.24; CI, 2.24-4.25; 2. re-experiencing: pooled SMD, -1.77; CI, -2.49(-1.04); 3. Avoidance: pooled SMD, -1.57; CI, -2.50-(-0.84); 4. hyperarousal: pooled SMD, -1.32; CI, -2.17-(-0.47); 5. depression: pooled SMD, 1.92; CI, 0.80-3.03; and 6. Anxiety: pooled SMD, 2.67; CI, 1.82-3.52. Therefore, both HF and LF rTMS can alleviate PTSD symptoms. Although the evidence is extremely limited, LF rTMS can reduce overall PTSD and depression symptoms. HF rTMS can improve the main and related symptoms of PTSD. However, additional research is needed to substantiate these findings. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prior studies indicate a substantial link between maternal depression and early child health but give limited consideration to the direction of this relationship or the context in which it occurs. We sought to create a contextually informed conceptual framework of this relationship through semi-structured interviews with women that had lived experience of caring for an HIV-infected child while coping with depression and anxiety symptoms. Caregivers explained their role in raising healthy children as complex and complicated by poverty, stigma, and isolation. Caregivers discussed the effects of their own mental health on child well-being as primarily emotional and behavioral, and explained how looking after a child could bring distress, particularly when unable to provide desired care for sick children. Our findings suggest the need for investigation of the reciprocal effects of child sickness on caregiver wellness and for integrated programs that holistically address the needs of HIV-affected families.
Specific defensive behaviors of rodents are shaped by features of the eliciting threat stimuli and situation. Threat scenarios confirmed these relationships in people, with results substantially replicated in 4 additional scenario studies. Subsequent human studies involve computer games measuring fear as flight from threat stimuli and anxiety as alternation between two threats. Stabilometric studies have shown reduction in sway (freezing) to inescapable (e.g. with gun pointed at subject) threatening photographs; but enhanced lateral sway (flight attempts) to escapable threats; (gun pointed away from subject). Relationships between threat ambiguity, risk assessment, and anxiety have been validated by identification of videos of facial expressions to ambiguous threats, as anxiety; and systematic biases toward threat stimuli by anxious individuals. Enhanced rumination, interpretable as unsuccessful risk assessment, is a dynamic component of both anxiety and depression, particularly in women. While there is less experimental work on defensive threat/attack, a transdiagnostic "Fear of Harm" phenotype of aggression associated with fear suggests that this is a component of pathological as well as normal human defensive behavior. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
The purpose of this project was to examine the emotional health and wellbeing of Canadian caregivers of persons with significant mental health or addictions problems. We assessed the emotional health of caregivers by care-receiver condition type (i.e. mental health or addictions vs. physical or other health problems), levels of caregiver stress and methods particularly for reducing stress among caregivers of persons with mental health or addictions disorders. Weighted cross-sectional data from the 2012 General Social Survey (Caregiving and Care Receiving) were modelled using weighted descriptive and logistic regression analyses to examine levels of stress and the emotional health and well-being of caregivers by care-receiver condition type. Caregivers of persons with mental health or addictions problems were more likely to report that caregiving was very stressful and that they felt depressed, tired, worried or anxious, overwhelmed; lonely or isolated; short-tempered or irritable; and resentful because of their caregiving responsibilities. The results of this study suggest that mental health and addictions caregivers may experience disparate stressors and require varying services and supports relative to caregivers of persons with physical or other health conditions.
Depression of heart-rate variability (HRV) in conditions of systemic inflammation has been shown in both patients and experimental animal models and HRV has been suggested as an early indicator of sepsis. The sensitivity of HRV-derived parameters to the severity of sepsis, however, remains unclear. In this study we modified the clinically relevant porcine model of peritonitis-induced sepsis in order to avoid the development of organ failure and to test the sensitivity of HRV to such non-severe conditions. In 11 anesthetized, mechanically ventilated and instrumented domestic pigs of both sexes, sepsis was induced by fecal peritonitis. The dose of feces was adjusted and antibiotic therapy was administered to avoid multiorgan failure. Experimental subjects were screened for 40h from the induction of sepsis. In all septic animals, sepsis with hyperdynamic circulation and increased plasma levels of inflammatory mediators developed within 12h from the induction of peritonitis. The sepsis did not progress to multiorgan failure and there was no spontaneous death during the experiment despite a modest requirement for vasopressor therapy in most animals (9/11). A pronounced reduction of HRV and elevation of heart rate developed quickly (within 5h, time constant of 1.970.80h for HRV parameter TINN) upon the induction of sepsis and were maintained throughout the experiment. The frequency domain analysis revealed a decrease in the high-frequency component. The reduction of HRV parameters and elevation of heart rate preceded sepsis-associated hemodynamic changes by several hours (time constant of 11.28 +/- 2.07h for systemic vascular resistance decline). A pronounced and fast reduction of HRV occurred in the setting of a moderate experimental porcine sepsis without organ failure. Inhibition of parasympathetic cardiac signaling probably represents the main mechanism of HRV reduction in sepsis. The sensitivity of HRV to systemic inflammation may allow early detection of a moderate sepsis without organ failure. Impact statement A pronounced and fast reduction of heart-rate variability occurred in the setting of a moderate experimental porcine sepsis without organ failure. Dominant reduction of heart-rate variability was found in the high-frequency band indicating inhibition of parasympathetic cardiac signaling as the main mechanism of heart-rate variability reduction. The sensitivity of heart-rate variability to systemic inflammation may contribute to an early detection of moderate sepsis without organ failure.
To assess the impact of their child's symptoms of Autism Spectrum Disorder upon parents' anxiety and depression, 68 mothers of boys aged 10 to 15 years (M = 12.6 years, SD = 1.6 years) completed the ASD Behaviour Checklist, the GAD7 and the PHQ9 at a single setting. Results indicated that the boys' restricted and repetitive behaviours had the strongest relationship with their mothers' anxiety and depression, followed by communication difficulties, but the latter set of behaviours did not significantly add to the variance predicted by restricted and repetitive behaviours. Their sons' intense reactions to stressors was the most powerful ASD-related contributor to the anxiety and depression experienced by these mothers. Several suggestions for enhancing parental coping with this aspect of their child's ASD behavioural symptomatology are discussed.
Background: Collaborative Care is an evidence-based approach to the management of depression within primary care services recommended within NICE Guidance. However, uptake within the UK has been limited. This review aims to investigate the barriers and facilitators to implementing Collaborative Care. Methods: A systematic review of the literature was undertaken to uncover what barriers and facilitators have been reported by previous research into Collaborative Care for depression in primary care. Results: The review identified barriers and facilitators to successful implementation of Collaborative Care for depression in 18 studies across a range of settings. A framework analysis was applied using the Collaborative Care definition. The most commonly reported barriers related to the multi-professional approach, such as staff and organisational attitudes to integration, and poor inter-professional communication. Facilitators to successful implementation particularly focussed on improving inter-professional communication through standardised care pathways and case managers with clear role boundaries and key underpinning personal qualities. Limitations: Not all papers were independent title and abstract screened by multiple reviewers thus limiting the reliability of the selected studies. There are many different frameworks for assessing the quality of qualitative research and little consensus as to which is most appropriate in what circumstances. The use of a quality threshold led to the exclusion of six papers that could have included further information on barriers and facilitators. Conclusions: Although the evidence base for Collaborative Care is strong, and the population within primary care with depression is large, the preferred way to implement the approach has not been identified.
Depression and hypertension frequently present together in clinical practice. Evaluating the interaction between depression and hypertension would help stakeholders better understand the value of depression prevention in primary care. This retrospective study aimed to evaluate the excessive burden of depression on overall health and on health care utilization expenditure among hypertensive patients. A total of 7019 hypertensive patients (ICD-9-CM: 401) were identified from the 2012 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS 2012) data, of which 936 patients had depression (ICD-9-CM: 311). Hypertension with depression was associated with worse health status (physical component score, -3.97 [17.9% reduction]; mental component score, -9.14 [9% reduction]), higher utilization of health care services (outpatient visits, 6.4 [63.8% higher]; nights of hospitalization, 0.9 [100% higher]; medication prescription, 22.6 [76.8% higher]), and higher health care expenditures (inpatient, $1953.2 [72% higher]; prescription drugs, $1995.5 [82% higher]).
Orth, Trzesniewski, and Robins (2010) concluded that the nationally representative Americans' Changing Lives (ACL) cohort-sequential study demonstrated moderate to large age differences in self-esteem, and no birth cohort (generational) differences in the age trajectory. In a reanalysis of these data using 2 different statistical techniques, we find significant increases in self-esteem that could be attributed to birth cohort or time period. First, hierarchical linear modeling analyses with birth cohort as a continuous variable (vs. the multiple group formulation used by Orth et al.) find that birth cohort has a measurable influence on self-esteem through its interaction with age. Participants born in later years (e.g., 1960) were higher in self-esteem and were more likely to increase in self-esteem as they aged than participants born in earlier years (e.g., 1920). However, the estimated age trajectory up to age 60 is similar in Orth et al.'s results and in the results from our analyses including cohort. Second, comparing ACL respondents of the same age in 1986 versus 2002 (a time-lag design) yields significant birth cohort differences in self-esteem, with 2002 participants of the same age higher in self-esteem than those in 1986. Combined with some previous studies finding significant increases in self-esteem and positive self-views over time, these results suggest that cultural change in the form of cohort and time period cannot be ignored as influences in cross-sectional and longitudinal studies.
Farming systems can expose animals to chronic mild stress which is known to induce negative affective state. Affective state in animals, as in humans, can be assessed through behavioral cues. This study aimed to describe the effect of a chronic mild stress, known to induce a negative affective state, on sheep health through their response to vaccination. The study used 15 lambs subjected to a model of chronic mild stress for 15 weeks and 15 lambs reared under conventional farming as a control group. After 7 weeks of stressful treatment, the lambs were individually exposed to a judgment bias test to assess a putative stress-induced pessimism.' After 15 weeks of stressful treatment, antibody immune response was measured after an injection of a live vaccine challenge (Chlamydia abortus attenuated vaccine strain 1B). Stressed lambs displayed a pessimistic-like perception in the judgment bias test, revealing a negative affective state. Stressed and control animals showed different immunological reactions to vaccine challenge: stressed sheep had lower hemoglobin concentrations and higher platelet, granulocyte and acute-phase protein concentrations. Antibody response induced by the vaccine strain was not different between stressed and control sheep. Our results suggest that negative affective state induced by chronic stress treatment may induce a stronger inflammatory response to vaccine challenge in sheep. Improvement of animal health may be achieved through consideration of stressors that may affect the emotional and immunological state of sheep.
There is preliminary evidence that the immune system's cytokines may have impact on ADHD in children. Nevertheless, studies exploring the possible role of pro-inflammatory cytokines in adults with ADHD are lacking. This study aimed to assess differences in serum IL-6 and TNF-alpha between patients and controls and their possible relationship to resting cortisol. 108 adults with ADHD (DSM-IV), 44 inattentive and 64 combined, age ranging between 18 and 55 years, and 27 healthy controls were included. Major psychiatric disorders and organic comorbidities were excluded. Serum samples for IL-6 and TNF-alpha and salivary samples to assess cortisol awakening response were collected on the same day. Analysis of variance was applied to study differences in IL-6 and TNF-alpha between groups. Pearson correlations were used to study associations between IL-6, TNF-alpha, and CAR. There were no significant differences in serum IL-6 or TNF-alpha levels between patients and controls or between combined and inattentive patients. Negative associations between IL-6 (r=-0386, p=0.020), TNF-alpha Cr=-0.372, p=0.023) and cortisol awakening response were found in the inattentive subtype, whereas no association was seen in the combined subtype. A negative correlation between 1L-6 and cortisol was also present in the control group (r=-0.44, 0.030). The peripheral pro-inflammatory markers, IL-6 and TNF-alpha, do not appear to be primarily involved in ADHD in adults, although the role of other inflammatory markers cannot be ruled out. The differences regarding the association between IL-6 and TNF-alpha and morning cortisol response suggest possible underlying neurobiological differences between the inattentive or combined patients that merit further studies. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Objective: Anxiety and mood disorders (AMD) are the most frequent mental disorders in the human population. They have recently shown increasing prevalence, and commonly disrupt personal and working lives. Objective: The aim of our study was to analyze the spectrum of circulating steroids in order to discover differences that could potentially be markers of affective depression or anxiety, and identify which steroids could be a predictive component for these diseases. Methods: We studied the steroid metabolome including 47 analytes in 20 men with depression (group D), 20 men with anxiety (group AN) and 30 healthy controls. OPLS and multivariate regression models were used for statistical analysis. Results: Discrimination of group D from controls by the OPLS method was absolute, as was group AN from controls (sensitivity = 1.000 (0.839, 1.000), specificity = 1.000 (0.887, 1.000)). Relatively good predictivity was also found for discrimination between group D from AN (sensitivity = 0.850 (0.640, 0.948), specificity = 0.900 (0.699, 0.972)). Conclusion: Selected circulating steroids, including those that are neuroactive and neuroprotective, can be useful tools for discriminating between these affective diseases in adult men. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Introduction: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and anxiety are frequently comorbid disorders associated with different types of abnormal performance on neuropsychological tests. Although some studies have shown that comorbid anxiety alters ADHD test performance, results inconsistently show both improvements and worsening of different abilities, with failures to replicate across different anxiety disorders. Alternatively, trait anxiety may reflect a more stable influence on ADHD test performance than various diagnosable anxiety disorders. Method: To better understand the possible enhancing or deleterious effects of anxiety on ADHD cognitive impairments, this study examined the effect of individual differences in trait anxiety measured by the Multidimensional Anxiety Scale for Children (MASC) on a battery of computerized, rapid-performance tests measuring attention and impulsivity-related performance in 98 Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-Fourth Edition (DSM-IV) Combined-Subtype ADHD adolescents and 123 healthy controls. It was hypothesized that trait anxiety would attenuate response inhibition and attention deficits in ADHD. Results: ADHD-diagnosed adolescents with higher trait anxiety performed better on indices of sustained attention, reaction time, and motor variability, and had altered overall test-performance strategy, while response inhibition was affected in both ADHD and non-ADHD. Conclusions: This study provides the first evidence that pathological levels of anxiety are not needed to see differences in ADHD neuropsychological test performance. Instead, mildly elevated trait anxiety confers a protective influence by reducing the degree of impairment seen in ADHD. These findings suggest that better performing ADHD adolescents might have optimized levels of cortical arousal, and raise new questions about how best to identify the neurobiological substrates responsible for the beneficial effects.
We previously demonstrated that serotonin (5-HT) and 5-HT2A receptor (5-HT2AR) levels in platelets were up- or down-regulated after myocardial infarction (MI) associated with depression. In this study, we further evaluated the effects of pretreatment with ginseng fruit saponins (GFS) on the expression of 5-HT and 5-HT2AR in MI with or without depression. Eighty Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were treated with saline and GFS (n=40 per group). The animals were then randomly divided into four subgroups: sham, MI, depression, and MI + depression (n=10 per subgroup). Protein levels of 5-HT and 5-HT2AR in the serum, platelets and brain tissues were determined with ELISA. The results demonstrated that serum 5-HT levels was significantly increased by GFS pretreatment in all subgroups (except the sham subgroup) when compared with saline-treated counterparts (p<0.01). In platelets, GFS pretreatment significantly increased 5-HT levels in all subgroups when compared with their respective saline-treated counterparts (p<0.01). Brain 5-HT levels also declined with GFS pretreatment in the MI-only and depression-only subgroups (p<0.05 vs. saline pretreatment). With respect to 5-HT2AR levels, platelet 5-HT2AR was decreased in GFS pretreated MI, depression and MI + depression subgroups (p<0.01 vs. saline pretreatment). Similarly, brain 5-HT2AR levels decreased in all four subgroups pretreated with GFS (p<0.01 vs. saline pretreatment). We conclude that GFS plays a clear role in modulating 5-HT and 5-HT2AR expressions after MI and depression. Although the effects of GFS on brain 5-HT remain to be elucidated, its therapeutic potential for comorbidities of acute cardiovascular events and depression appears to hold much promise.
People living with HIV/AIDS (PHA) often concurrently cope with mental health disorders that may greatly influence HIV and other health-related outcomes. The objective of this study was to examine the prevalence and correlates of self-reported mental health disorder diagnosis among a cohort of harder-to-reach HIV-positive individuals in British Columbia, Canada. Between 2007 and 2010, 1000 PHA who had initiated ART were enrolled in the Longitudinal Investigation into Supportive and Ancillary health services (LISA) study. Socio-demographic, behavioral, health-care utilization and psychosocial information was collected through interviewer-led questionnaires and linked to longitudinal clinical variables through the provincial Drug Treatment Program at the BC Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS. We identified the prevalence of all-type and specific mental health disorders among this population. Of the 916 participants included in this analysis, 494 (54%) reported ever having a mental health disorder diagnosis. Mood (85%) and anxiety (65%) disorders were the two most frequently reported mental health conditions. Self-reported all-type mental health disorder was independently associated with decreased overall functioning (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]=0.90, 95% confidence interval [CI]=0.83-0.98) and life satisfaction (AOR=0.81, 95% CI=0.74-0.89), and having higher stigma score (AOR=1.11, 95%CI=1.02-1.21). Participants reporting any mental health disorder were more likely to report a history of sexual assault (AOR=2.45, 95% CI=1.75-3.43) and to have used case management services (AOR=1.63, 95%CI=1.17-2.27). Our findings uncovered a high burden of mental health disorders among harder-to-reach PHA and suggest that PHA with at least one mental health disorder diagnosis are disproportionately impacted by sexual violence and stigma.
The aim of this cross-sectional study was to analyse quality of life, socio-demographic characteristics, family support, satisfaction with health services, and effect of integrative community therapy among non-institutionalised elderly adults with and without symptoms of depression in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil. Data from elderly adults with (n = 59) and without (n = 61) depressive symptoms were compared. The instruments used were the Mini-Mental State Examination, the short version of the Geriatric Depression Scale, a clinical socio-demographic questionnaire, the abbreviated version of the World Health Organisation Quality of Life questionnaire, the Family Assessment Device, and the Patient Satisfaction with Mental Health Services Rating Scale. Elderly adults with depressive symptoms had lower quality of life in the social relations domain than did those without depressive symptoms (p = 0.003). In addition, compared with those without depression, fewer elderly adults with depressive symptoms attended integrative community therapy (p = 0.04); they also reported a low degree of family involvement in problem solving (p = 0.04) and showed apathy regarding their satisfaction with health services (p = 0.007). These results have important implications in the decision-making process with regard to strategies for improving the health status of elderly adults with depressive symptoms.
Traditionally, treatments for depression have been primarily focused on reducing patients' symptoms or deficits and less concerned with building positive resources. This study aims to compare the efficacy of a manualized protocol of empirically-validated positive psychology interventions (PPI) with a cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) protocol. This controlled clinical trial included 96 adult women with a DSM-IV diagnosis of major depression or dysthymia. Participants were blindly allocated to a 10-session PPI (n = 47) or CBT (n = 49) group therapy condition. Intention to treat analysis showed that both interventions were effective in reducing clinical symptoms and increasing well-being. There were no significant differences between groups in either main outcomes (i.e., severity of depressive symptoms and clinical diagnosis) or secondary outcomes (e.g., positive and negative affect, and satisfaction with life). Even within the most severely depressed participants, no differences between PPI and CBT emerged. If further clinical studies confirm these results, this would widen treatment choice for both patients and professionals.
The present research examined how particular types of combat exposure may be associated not only with increased mental health symptoms but also with perceived benefits that are associated with decreased mental health symptoms. Using a longitudinal sample of military personnel who had returned from combat in Iraq or Afghanistan, active combat experiences (such as shooting or directing fire at the enemy) were related to higher levels of perceived benefits following the deployment, whereas passive experiences (such as being the recipient of an attack or witnessing destruction) were not. Perceived benefits 3 months postdeployment were associated with lower posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) symptoms 3 months later. A mediational analysis revealed that although active combat experiences were associated with greater PTSD symptoms, a portion of this relationship was reduced as a result of the association between active combat experiences and benefit finding. Discussion focuses on additional research needed on the role of benefit finding in postcombat adjustment, and how employees may derive benefits from their work that predict future mental health symptoms.
It is well established that the maintenance of energy expenditure is linked to active hypothalamic neural mechanisms controlling adaptive stimuli such as food intake. Variations of glucose levels and hormonal (leptin plus orexin-A) parameters, which are involved with energy homeostasis during different behavioral states, have not yet been fully defined. In this first study, behavioral analyses of an unpredictable stress model dealing with the actions of a sub-chronic administration of orexin-A (ORX-A) and the anti-hunger neuropeptide, i.e., leptin (LEP) within the hypothalamic suprachiasmatic (SCH) nucleus, were conducted on the valuable hibernating rodent (hamster; Mesocricetus auratus) model noted for its distinct depression and anxiety states. Treatment with LEP accounted for a notable reduction (p < 0.01) of body weight in stressed hamsters that not only executed very evident (p < 0.001) movements to and from elevated plus maze (EPM) but also spent less time in the dark area of the light-dark box test (LDT). Conversely, ORX-A predominantly evoked anxiogenic effects that were inverted by LEP. Interestingly, the anti-hunger neuropeptide accounted for both down-regulated NPY1 transcripts in mostly lateral-posterior hypothalamic areas while up-regulated levels were detected in the parietal cerebral cortex, hippocampus, and amygdala, which largely behaved in an opposite manner to ORX-A-dependent effects. Overall, the present findings corroborate a predominating LEPergic effect of the SCH toward the reduction of hamster anxiety-like behaviors with respect to that of ORX-A signaling, which may constitute useful therapeutic targets for stress-related obesity states.
Context: Hypericum perforatum L., commonly known as St. John's wort, is practised as an alternative medicine against depression. Conversely, its remedial efficacy is indulged by various adverse effects that are recuperated in formulating nanoscaled commercial capsules encased by the biopolymer chitosan. A potential application of nanoencapsulation with regards to polymer enhances a slow controlled release of the targeted drug to achieve the desired delay until the right stimulus is obtained. Aims: To value synthesizing biopolymeric nanocomposites encapsulating St. John's wort commercial capsules substantiating it with a study of animal model of depression to endorse the effect of nanocapsulated drug as an effective brain drug. Methods The nanoparticulated suspension was prepared by ionic gelation technique and characterized to attest its antidepressant activity by in vivo studies. Results: The drug binding efficiency was endorsed by FT-IR studies and the nanoparticles were characterized by an average particle size of 211.4 nm with a positive zeta potential of 45.9 mV. The animal despair studies on depression induced mice models displayed a significant difference in the immobility time during force swimming and tail suspension test. The commercial capsules were administed orally (p.o., 50 and 100 mg/kg). The animal despair studies were substantiated with affirmative biochemical assessments like SOD, CAT, GP(x), GSH and LPO and compared with control groups. Conclusions: The outcomes of this work manifest the calibre of St. John's wort nanocomposites in a lower dosage that can alleviate depression and reduce side effects.
Beliefs about the unacceptability of experiencing and expressing emotions have been found to be related to worse outcomes in people with persistent physical symptoms. The current study tested mediation models regarding emotional suppression, beliefs about emotions, support-seeking and global impact in fibromyalgia. One hundred eighty-two participants took part in an online questionnaire testing potential mechanisms of this relationship using mediation analysis. The model tested emotional suppression and affective distress as serial mediators of the relationship between beliefs about emotions and global impact. In parallel paths, two forms of support-seeking were tested (personal/emotional and symptom-related support-seeking) as mediators. Emotional suppression and affective distress significantly serially mediated the relationship between beliefs about emotions and global impact. Neither support-seeking variable significantly mediated this relationship. Results indicate a potential mechanism through which beliefs about emotions and global impact might relate which might provide a theoretical basis for future research on treatments for fibromyalgia.
Social jet lag is a term describing misalignment between social and biological times. In this article, it is argued that the currently used formula for social jet lag captures not only this misalignment, but also sleep debt resulting from sleep deprivation during workdays. It is proposed to adopt the sleep-corrected formula for social jet lag, which takes the form of the difference between the sleep onset on free days and workdays in the case of subjects with longer sleep and later (or equal) sleep onset on free days compared to workdays; it takes the form of the difference between the sleep offset on free days and workdays for subjects with longer sleep and earlier (or equal) sleep offset on workdays compared to free days.
The largest volcanic constructs on Earth are the seismically imaged seaward dipping reflector (SDR) units found offshore of many rifted continental margins, including most that border the Atlantic Ocean. Whether their formation requires large magnitude (i.e. 10 s of km) of normal fault slip or results from the deflection of the lithosphere by the weight of volcanic flows is controversial. Though there is evidence for faulting associated with some SDRs, this paper considers the range of structures that can be produced by magmatic and volcanic loading alone. To do this an idealized mechanical model for the construction of rift-related volcanic flow structures is developed. Dikes open as plates move away from the center of a model rift and volcanic flows fill the depression produced by the load caused by dike solidification. The thin elastic plate flexure approximation allows a closed form description of the shape of both the contacts between flows and between the flows and underlying dikes. The model depends on two independent parameters: the flexure parameter, alpha, and the maximum isostatically supported extrusive layer thickness, w(0). For reasonable values of these parameters the model reproduces the observed down dip thickening of flows and the range of reflector dip angles. A numerical scheme using the analytic results allows simulation of the effect of temporal changes in the locus of magmatic spreading as well as changes in the amount of volcanic infill. Either jumps in the location of the center of diking or periods with no volcanism result in separate units or "packages" of model SDRs, in which the flow-dike contact dips landward, consistent with observations previously attributed only to listric normal fault offset. When jumps in the spreading center are small (i.e. less than a) they result in thicker, narrower volcanic units on one side of a rift compared to those on the other side. This is similar to the asymmetric distributions of volcanic packages seen across some conjugate margins. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
This paper examined the prevalence of depressive symptomotology among women of Mexican ancestry (N = 205), over the age of 18, of diverse incomes and nativity. We examined differences in rates of diagnosis by Spanish/English preference and the sensitivity and specificity of three common measures: the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ9), the Kessler Psychological Distress Scale (K-10), and depression questions from the Composite International Diagnostic Interview, Short Form (MDD CIDI-SF); PHQ9 was used as the "gold standard" measure. Results indicated 18-32 % of participants met criteria for depression with higher rates found among Spanish preference participants. The K-10 had significantly higher sensitivity (0.81) but lower specificity (0.79) than the MDD CIDI-SF items (0.57 and 0.89, respectively). This study suggests that the K-10 and MDD CIDI-SF measures are complementary to each other for screening of depressive symptomatology. Implications for cultural and linguistic assessment of depression are further discussed.
There is some evidence that lowered tryptophan and an activated tryptophan catabolite (TRYCAT) pathway play a role in depression, somatoform disorder, and postpartum blues. The aim of this study is to delineate the associations between the TRYCAT pathway and premenstrual syndrome (PMS) and perinatal depressive and physio-somatic symptoms. We examine the associations between end of term serum IgM and IgA responses to tryptophan and 9 TRYCATs in relation to zinc, C-reactive protein (CRP), and haptoglobin and prenatal physio-somatic (previously known as psychosomatic) symptoms (fatigue, back pain, muscle pain, dyspepsia, obstipation) and prenatal and postnatal depression and anxiety symptoms as measured using the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD), and Spielberger's State Anxiety Inventory (STAI). We included pregnant females with (n = 24) and without depression (n = 25) and 24 non-pregnant females. There were no significant associations between the IgA/IgM responses to tryptophan and TRYCATs and prenatal and postnatal depression/anxiety symptoms, except for lowered IgA responses to anthranilic acid in prenatal depression. A large part of the variance in IgA responses to most TRYCATs was explained by PMS and haptoglobin (positively) and CRP (inversely) levels. The IgA responses to TRYCATs were significantly increased in PMS, in particular picolinic, anthranilic, xanthurenic and kynurenic acid, and 3OH-kynurenine. Variance (62.5%) in physio-somatic symptoms at the end of term was explained by PMS, previous depressions, zinc (inversely), CRP and haptoglobin (both positively), and the IgM responses to quinolinic acid (positively), anthranilic acid, and tryptophan (both negatively). The results suggest that mucosa-derived TRYCAT pathway activation is significantly associated with PMS, but not with perinatal depression/anxiety symptoms. Physio-somatic symptoms in pregnancy have an immune-inflammatory pathophysiology. Induction of the TRYCAT pathway appears to be more related to physio-somatic than to depression symptoms.
Context: Amitriptyline, a tricyclic antidepressant is used for the management of psychological disorders and various types of pain. In the previous work, it is founded that amitriptyline inhibited the migration of polymorphonuclear (PMN) into the site of inflammation. Aims: To evaluate the effect of amitriptyline on the expression of some inflammatory mediators such as intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM-1), cyclooxygenase 2 (COX2) and inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS). Methods: An in vitro model system of LPS-stimulated human endothelial cells and U-937 macrophages and also in vivo model of carrageenan-induced paw edema in rat were used. The expression of inflammatory mediator genes was determined by qRT-Real-time PCR. In endothelial cells, soluble forms of ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 were quantified by ELISA. Results: The expression of ICAM-1, VCAM-1, COX2, iNOS, sICAM-1 and sVCAM-1 significantly decreased by amitriptyline. The finding of this study also confirmed that intraperitoneal (i.p.) injection of amitriptyline inhibited carrageenan-induced inflammation in rat paw edema. Conclusions: The results of the present study provide further evidence for the anti-inflammatory effect of amitriptyline. This effect appears to be mediated by down-regulation of inflammatory genes.
The conglomerate layer at the upper section of the 4th member of the Shahejie formation(S-4(u)) of the Yongan district at the Donying depression is a well-developed sedimentation of several periods. It lacks stable muddy layers and sophisticated classification of the sedimentation periods and the proportion of sedimentary layering in each period has long been a difficult task for geologists. In addressing this problem, this paper attempts to introduce the theory of climatic cycles driven by astronomical periods from astronomical stratigraphy on the basis of the characteristics of the sedimentation under the turbidity current in the region of study. Through studying the conditions for the formation of the conglomerate layer and the factors of control, we pinpoint the formation of the layer in chronology and differentiate the cycle interface and correlation in the same formation period. Milankovitch analysis is conducted on the sedimentation of the conglomerate layer in the region of study to determine if the stratigraphy cycle of the region is primarily controlled by the eccentricity cycle and calculate MSC1 and MSC2 thicknesses of 189.3 m and 78.05 m, respectively. Milankovitch theory is the primary tool used in the analysis, in conjunction with petrographic analysis. The stratum at the S-4(u) is classified into four IV-grade sequences and 11 V-grade sequences. The information on the dominant cycle frequency is used for wave filtering of the well logs and to determine the significant Milankovitch wave log. With the data from this curve, we may compare the stratigraphy cycle with the characteristics of the standard cycle and classify and compare the sedimentation periods of the conglomerate layers in further detail.
Aims: To conduct a pilot trial to test the feasibility of a guided self-help intervention for chronic orofacial pain. Methods: A pilot randomized controlled trial was conducted to compare the intervention with usual treatment. A total of 37 patients with chronic orofacial pain were randomized into either the intervention group (n = 19) or the usual treatment (control) group (n = 18). Validated outcome measures were used to measure the potential effectiveness of the intervention over a number of domains: physical and mental functioning (Short Form 36 [SF-36]); anxiety and depression (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale [HADS]); pain intensity and interference with life (Brief Pain Inventory [BPI]); disability (Manchester Orofacial Pain Disability Scale [MOPDS]); and illness behavior (Revised Illness Perceptions Questionnaire [IPQr]). Bootstrap confidence intervals were computed for the treatment effect (ES) posttreatment and at 3 months follow-up and adjusted for baseline values of the outcome measure by using analysis of covariance. Results: At posttreatment and the 3-month follow-up, 11 participants in the intervention group and 7 in the control group failed to complete outcome measures. The intervention was acceptable and could be feasibly delivered face to face or over the telephone. Although the pilot trial was not powered to draw conclusions about the effectiveness, it showed significant (P <.05) effects of the intervention on physical and mental functioning and treatment control. Conclusion: The self-help intervention was acceptable to patients and allowed them to better understand and self-manage chronic orofacial pain. It showed potential effectiveness on outcome domains related to functioning and illness perception. Further research is needed to understand the cost effectiveness of the intervention for chronic orofacial pain.
The health and well-being consequences of social isolation and loneliness in old age are increasingly being recognised. The purpose of this scoping review was to take stock of the available evidence and to highlight gaps and areas for future research. We searched nine databases for empirical papers investigating the impact of social isolation and/or loneliness on a range of health outcomes in old age. Our search, conducted between July and September 2013 yielded 11,736 articles, of which 128 items from 15 countries were included in the scoping review. Papers were reviewed, with a focus on the definitions and measurements of the two concepts, associations and causal mechanisms, differences across population groups and interventions. The evidence is largely US-focused, and loneliness is more researched than social isolation. A recent trend is the investigation of the comparative effects of social isolation and loneliness. Depression and cardiovascular health are the most often researched outcomes, followed by well-being. Almost all (but two) studies found a detrimental effect of isolation or loneliness on health. However, causal links and mechanisms are difficult to demonstrate, and further investigation is warranted. We found a paucity of research focusing on at-risk sub-groups and in the area of interventions. Future research should aim to better link the evidence on the risk factors for loneliness and social isolation and the evidence on their impact on health.
The prevalence of depression and anxiety in the Chinese male population with infertility is still uncertain. The prevalence of depression, anxiety, and a combination of both psychological symptoms was 20.8%, 7.8%, and 15.4%, respectively in 771 infertile Chinese men in the current study by the Mental Health Inventory-5 and the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory-Short Form questionnaires. Differences in demographics (age, education, and income) had no noticeable impact on the development of psychological symptoms. Clinical factors such as concomitant disorders (varicocele, epididymal cyst, and erectile dysfunction) were identified as risk factors associated with depressive symptoms (OR = 1.47; 95% CI [1.14, 1.90]; p < .001) and both depressive and anxiety symptoms (OR = 1.56; 95% CI [1.17, 2.08]; p < .001). An infertility duration over 2 years was associated with a high risk of anxiety symptoms (OR = 3.94; 95% CI [1.20, 12.93], p < .02). Other clinical conditions such as type of treatment and quality of sperm were not significant risk factors for psychological symptoms. This study provides evidence that Chinese men of reproductive age who suffer from infertility are vulnerable to psychological distress.
PurposeTo demonstrate the feasibility of mapping intracellular pH within the in vivo rodent heart. Alterations in cardiac acid-base balance can lead to acute contractile depression and alterations in Ca2+ signaling. The transient reduction in adenosine triphosphate (ATP) consumption and cardiac contractility may be initially beneficial; however, sustained pH changes can be maladaptive, leading to myocardial damage and electrical arrhythmias. MethodsSpectrally selective radiofrequency (RF) pulses were used to excite the HCO3- and CO2 resonances individually while preserving signal from the injected hyperpolarized [1-C-13]pyruvate. The large flip angle pulses were placed within a three-dimensional (3D) imaging acquisition, which exploited CA-mediated label exchange between HCO3- and CO2. Images at 4.5 x 4.5 x 5 mm(3) resolution were obtained in the in vivo rodent heart. The technique was evaluated in healthy rodents scanned at baseline and during high cardiac workload induced by dobutamine infusion. ResultsThe intracellular pH was measured to be 7.150.04 at baseline, and decreased to 6.90 +/- 0.06 following 15 min of continuous -adrenergic stimulation. ConclusionsVolumetric maps of intracellular pH can be obtained following an injection of hyperpolarized [1-C-13]pyruvate. The new method is anticipated to enable assessment of stress-inducible ischemia and potential ventricular arrythmogenic substrates within the ischemic heart. Magn Reson Med 77:1810-1817, 2017. (c) 2016 The Authors Magnetic Resonance in Medicine published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of International Society for Magnetic Resonance in Medicine. This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Recent work has introduced social dynamic models of people's stress-related processes, some including amelioration of stress symptoms by support from others. The effects of support may be "direct", depending only on the level of support, or "buffering", depending on the product of the level of support and level of stress. We focus here on the nonlinear buffering term and use a model involving three variables (and 12 control parameters), including stress as perceived by the individual, physical and psychological symptoms, and currently active social support. This model is quantified by a set of three nonlinear differential equations governing its stationary-state stability, temporal evolution (sometimes oscillatory), and how each variable affects the others. Chaos may appear with periodic forcing of an environmental stress parameter. Here we explore this model carefully as the strength and amplitude of this forcing, and an important psychological parameter relating to self-kindling in the stress response, are varied. Three significant observations are made: 1. There exist many complex but orderly regions of periodicity and chaos, 2. there are nested regions of increasing number of peaks per cycle that may cascade to chaos, and 3. there are areas where more than one state, e.g., a period-2 oscillation and chaos, coexist for the same parameters; which one is reached depends on initial conditions. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Background: Glutamatergic system abnormalities are implicated in the pathophysiology and treatment of both major depressive disorder and bipolar depression (BDep). Subsequent to studies demonstrating the rapid and robust antidepressant effects of ketamine, an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist, other glutamatergic modulators are now being studied in clinical trials of mood disorders. A previous open-label study found that riluzole, administered in combination with the mood stabilizer lithium, had antidepressant effects. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of riluzole monotherapy for the treatment of BDep. Nineteen subjects aged 18 to 70 years with bipolar disorder currently experiencing a depressive episode were tapered off of excluded medications and randomized to receive riluzole (50-200 mg/d) or placebo for 8 weeks. Rating scale scores (Montgomery-angstrom sberg Depression Rating Scale, Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety, and Young Mania Rating Scale) were obtained weekly. Results: No significant differences in depressive symptoms were observed between subjects treated with riluzole and those receiving placebo (P = 0.12). Anxiety scores were significantly lower in the placebo group (P = 0.046). An interim analysis was conducted that resulted in stopping the study because of futility; no subjects had achieved treatment response. Conclusions: Although we found no change in severity of depressive symptoms in BDep patients receiving riluzole compared with placebo, this trial was limited by the relatively high number of subject withdrawals and the small sample size. Thus, while riluzole monotherapy did not demonstrate efficacy for BDep, further studies examining riluzole as adjunctive therapy for this disorder may be warranted.
Objective: To investigate the association between the perception of expressed emotion and psychopathology of school-going adolescents in a non-clinical sample. Methods: The cross-sectional field study was conducted in Kocaeli, Turkey, and comprised high-school students during the 2014-15 school years. Data was collected using the Information Collection Form, Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire and Shortened Level of Expressed Emotion Scale. SPSS 21 was used for data analysis. Results: Of the 487 subjects, 295(60.57%) were girls and 192(39.43%) were boys. The overall median age was 16 (inter-quartile range: 15-17 years). There were significant positive relationships between the scales in terms of emotional problems (p<0.001), behavioural problems (p<0.001), Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (p<0.001), and peer relationship problems (p<0.001). There was also a negative significant relationship between pro-social behaviours and expressed emotion (p<0.001). Conclusion: The concept of perceived expressed emotion in non-clinical adolescents is useful in alarming clinicians and preventing mental disorders.
This study proposes and tests a new model that seeks to explain associations between religion, spirituality and health outcomes among adolescents. Specifically, we test for mediating effects of perceived spirituality on religion-health relations. Using data from the 4-H Study of Positive Youth Development, we find that perceived spirituality mediates religion-health relations, but that varies based on youths' conceptualisation of spirituality. With findings confirming that perceived spirituality potentially promote youths' psychosocial health, we offer some future research directions and implications regarding relations between youths' spirituality, religion and health behaviours.
Epileptiform discharges on an isolated cortex are explored using neural field theory. A neural field model of the isolated cortex is used that consists of three neural populations, excitatory, inhibitory, and excitatory bursting. Mechanisms by which an isolated cortex gives rise to seizure-like waveforms thought to underly pathological EEG waveforms on the deafferented cortex are explored. It is shown that the model reproduces similar time series and oscillatory frequencies for paroxysmal discharges when compared with physiological recordings both during acute and chronic deafferentation states. Furthermore, within our model ictal activity arises from perturbations to steady-states very close to the dynamical system's instability boundary; hence, these are distinct from corticothalamic seizures observed in the model for the intact brain which involved limit-cycle dynamics. The results are applied to experiments in deafferented cats.
Inbreeding, reproduction between relatives, often impinges on the health and survival of resulting offspring. Such inbreeding depression may manifest itself through immunological costs as inbred individuals suffer increased propensity to disease, infection and parasites compared to outbred conspecifics. Here, we assess how the intestinal parasite loads of wild banded mongooses (Mungos mungo) vary with pedigree inbreeding coefficient (f) and standardized multi-locus heterozygosity. We find a significant association between increased heterozygosity and lower parasite loads; however, this correlation does not stand when considering f. Such findings may be explained by local genetic effects, linkage between genetic markers and genes influencing parasite burdens. Indeed, we find heterozygosity at certain loci to correlate with parasite load. Although these tentative local effects are lost following multiple test correction, they warrant future investigation to determine their strength and impact. We also suggest frequent inbreeding within banded mongooses may mean heterozygosity is a better predictor of inbreeding than pedigree f. This is because inbreeding facilitates linkage disequilibrium, increasing the chances of neutral markers representing genome-wide heterozygosity. Finally, neither f nor heterozygosity had a significant influence on the loads of two specific gastrointestinal parasites. Nevertheless, more heterozygous individuals benefited from reduced overall parasitic infection and genetic diversity appears to explain some variation in parasite burdens in the banded mongoose.
This study examines the main and moderating effects of childhood abuse or neglect severity, income, and family social support on the presence of postpartum depressive symptoms (PDS). Participants included 183 postpartum mothers who endorsed a history of childhood maltreatment (CM) and enrolled in a longitudinal study of mother and child outcomes. Participants completed questionnaires to assess CM severity, associated societal and maternal characteristics, and depressive symptom severity. The results confirm previously identified links between CM severity and PDS. Further, hierarchical linear regression analyses indicate the interaction of household income and interpersonal support from the family attenuates the relationship between CM severity and PDS. The final model accounted for 29% of the variance of PDS scores, a large effect size. This study is the first to demonstrate interrelationships between income and social support on resilience to postpartum psychopathology in childhood trauma-surviving women. Social support appeared to protect against PDS for all mothers in this study while income only conferred a protective effect when accompanied by family support. For clinicians, this implies the need to focus on improving family and other relationships, especially for at-risk mothers.
Acceptance is a key construct in both rational emotive behavior therapy (REBT) and acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT). The objectives of this study were to assess and compare the properties of ACT acceptance with those of REBT acceptance in predicting emotions. A sample of 112 subjects, comprising different educational and occupational status, completed three measures of acceptance (REBT and ACT), two of mindfulness, as well as completing depression and anxiety scales. Both ACT acceptance as process and REBT acceptance could predict significant ACT acceptance as outcome. Mindfulness as a trait also predicted the level of ACT outcome acceptance as well as the level of REBT acceptance, but mindfulness as process predicted only ACT outcome acceptance. The results show that REBT acceptance, ACT acceptance and mindfulness can explain anxiety and depression in different ways. The results show that the difference between ACT acceptance and REBT acceptance primary concern the process of acceptance, most likely due to the underlying cognitive processing. The outcome acceptance and emotional level are similar in the two conditions. Future research should employ multiple cognitive measurements.
The activity of lateral habenula (LHb) represents a substrate for the encoding of negative-valenced events. The exposure to aversive stimuli in naive mice is sufficient to trigger a reduction in GABA(B)-mediated signaling in the LHb. This is ultimately instrumental for the hyperactivity of LHb neurons and for the establishment of depressive-like phenotypes. However, the mechanisms responsible for the induction of this aversion-driven plasticity are missing. Using ex-vivo patch-clamp recordings in slices, here we show that exposing mice to a series of inescapable footshocks (FsE) rapidly reduces baclofen-mediated GABA(B) currents in the LHb. This plasticity of GABA(B) signaling requires the activation of the dopamine and stress pathways. Indeed, the systemic administration of dopamine and glucocorticoids receptor antagonists prevents the FsE-induced reduction of GABA(B) currents in the LHb. To test whether the recruitment of these receptors occurs within the LHb, we exposed slices from control mice to either dopamine or corticosterone. Both manipulations failed to alter the amplitudes of baclofen-mediated GABA(B) currents. Altogether, these data suggest that dopamine and stress signaling are necessary for the induction of FsE-evoked GABA(B) plasticity in the LHb. However, the activation of these specific receptors may occur in structures different than the LHb, suggesting a circuit-based mechanism for this form of plasticity. These findings provide mechanistic insights on aversion-driven plasticity within the LHb.
Background: Identifying neural profiles predictive of future psychopathology in at-risk individuals is important to efficiently direct preventive care. Alterations in reward processing may be a risk factor for depression. The current study characterized neural substrates of reward processing in children at low-and high-risk for psychopathology due to maternal depression status. Methods: Children with (n=27) and without (n=19) maternal depression (ages 5.9-9.6 years) performed a monetary incentive delay task in which they received rewards, if they successfully hit a target, or no reward regardless of performance, during fMRI acquisition. Results: Multiple dorsal prefrontal, temporal, and striatal regions showed significant Group (high-vs. lowrisk)xPerformance (hit vs. miss)xCondition (no reward vs. reward) interactions in a whole-brain analysis. All regions exhibited similar patterns, whereby the high-risk group showed blunted activation differences between trials with vs. without rewards when participants hit the target. Moreover, high-risk children showed activation differences between trials with vs. without rewards in the opposite direction, compared to the low-risk group, when they missed the target. Limitations: This study had a modest sample size, though larger than existing studies. Children with maternal depression are at elevated risk for future psychopathology, yet not all experience clinically significant symptoms; longitudinal research is necessary to fully track the pathway from risk to disorder. Conclusion: Children of depressed mothers exhibited attenuated neural activation differences and activation patterns opposite to children without depressed mothers. Our findings may provide targets for hypothesis driven preventive interventions and lead to earlier identification of individuals at risk.
Backround: Previous studies have demonstrated the contributions of genetic variants and positive psychological traits (e.g. gratitude and forgiveness) to well-being. However, little is known about how genes interact with positive traits to affect well-being. Methods: To investigate to what extent the COMTVa1158Met polymorphism modulates well-being and to what extent dispositional gratitude and forgiveness mediate the individual differences in well-being, 445 participants were recruited and required to complete a battery of questionnaires. Results: We found that individuals with a smaller number of the Met alleles reported greater well-being, less depressive symptoms, and greater tendencies for gratitude and forgiveness. Moreover, dispositional gratitude and forgiveness mediated the genotype effects on well-being and depressive symptoms. These results remained significant after controlling for non-genetic factors (socioeconomic status, religious beliefs, romantic relationship status, parenting style). Limitation: The sample size limits the generalizability of results. Conclusion: This study demonstrates the contribution of the COMT Va1158Met polymorphism to individual differences in well-being and suggests a potential psychobiological pathway from dopaminergic and noradrenergic systems to happiness.
The circum-Hellas area of Mars borders Hellas Planitia, a giant impact similar to 4.0-4.2 Ga old making the deepest and broadest depression on Mars, and is characterized by a complex pattern of fracture sets, lobate scarps, grabens, and volcanic plains. The numerous lobate scarps in the circum-Hellas region mainly formed in the Late Noachian and, except Amenthes Rupes, have been scarcely studied. In this work, we study the mechanical behavior and thermal structure of the crust in the circum-Hellas region at the time of lobate scarp formation, through the modeling of the depth of faulting beneath several prominent lobate scarps. We obtain faulting depths between similar to 13 and 38 km, depending on the lobate scarp and accounting for uncertainty. These results indicate low surface and mantle heat flows in Noachian to Early Hesperian times, in agreement with heat flow estimates derived from lithospheric strength for several regions of similar age on Mars. Also, faulting depth and associate heat flows are not dependent of the local crustal thickness, which supports a stratified crust in the circum-Hellas region, with heat-producing elements concentrated in an upper layer that is thinner than the whole crust. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
In patients with major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder, abnormalities in excitatory and/or inhibitory neurotransmission and neuronal plasticity may lead to aberrant functional connectivity patterns within large brain networks. Network dysfunction in association with altered brain levels of glutamate and gamma-aminobutyric acid have been identified in both animal and human studies of depression. In addition, evidence of an antidepressant response to subanesthetic-dose ketamine has led to a collection of studies that have examined neurochemical (e.g., glutamatergic and gamma-aminobutyric acidergic) and functional imaging correlates associated with such an effect. Results from these studies suggest that an antidepressant response in association with ketamine occurs, in part, by reversing these neurochemical/physiological disturbances. Future studies in depression will require a combination of neuroimaging approaches from which more biologically homogeneous subgroups can be identified, particularly with respect to treatment response biomarkers of glutamatergic modulation.
Background Cognitive differences, including deficits in self-awareness, are common in high-functioning individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and represent a fruitful target for intervention. The current project presents the preliminary research undertaken in the development of metacognitive training (MCT), an intervention designed to increase knowledge about personal strengths and challenges in adolescents with ASD.Method Two groups of 4 adolescents with ASD completed MCT, as well as measures to assess satisfaction and adverse effects. Visual inspection and thematic analysis were used to interpret the data.Results Overall, both participants and their parents rated MCT favourably; the youth most enjoyed the interactive activities, whereas parents appreciated the opportunity for socialising and psychoeducation. There were no systematic changes on quantitative measures of adverse effects (i.e. self-esteem or depression).Conclusion Although the results suggest further investigation of MCT may be warranted, certain modifications to the MCT protocol and research methodology are needed.
The objectives of this study were to describe illness representations in dementia caregiving and examine the relationship between illness perceptions and carers' sense of coherence. Illness perceptions were assessed by the Brief Illness Perception Questionnaire. We measured sense of coherence, symptoms of anxiety and depression and carer burden. Regression analyses indicated that after controlling for demographic factors, burden and psychological distress in carers, illness coherence and emotional responses to the disease independently contributed towards explaining variance in carers' sense of coherence. Results provide support for the usefulness of the self-regulation model in understanding dementia caregiving.
Objective: Advanced statistical tools have created the opportunity to systematically examine the effect of early trajectories in predictors of therapeutic change, such as early alliance development patterns, on outcome. To date, however, these methods have been used almost exclusively to examine the effect of the development of early symptoms on later ones. Development patterns of alliance early in treatment, and their association with treatment outcome, have received much theoretical attention, but few systematic examinations have been conducted so far. Method: We integrated exploratory cluster analysis with the accumulated theoretical and empirical knowledge on patterns of alliance development to identify distinct patterns of early alliance development across the 1st 4 sessions of treatment in a sample of 166 patients receiving psychotherapy. Results: Three patterns of early alliance development were identified: early gradual strengthening, early repaired rupture, and early unrepaired rupture. The gradual strengthening and the repaired rupture patterns early in treatment predicted alliance strengthening later in treatment, whereas the unrepaired rupture pattern early in treatment predicted alliance stability later in treatment. The effect of early alliance development patterns on treatment outcome was moderated by pretreatment interpersonal problems: For patients with better interpersonal functioning at intake, the gradual strengthening and the repaired rupture patterns showed better outcomes, whereas for those with poorer interpersonal functioning at intake, the early unrepaired rupture pattern showed better outcomes. Conclusions: Findings suggest that early alliance development patterns affect treatment process and outcome.
Background: Electrocardiographic (ECG) monitored outpatient cardiac rehabilitation (OP-CR) is routinely performed following a variety of cardiovascular procedures and conditions. Objective: The aim of this study is to determine if diagnostic-quality ECG monitoring in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) during OP-CR is useful in identifying asymptomatic myocardial ischemia, resulting in change(s) in care or medical management. Methods: A retrospective analysis of ECG monitoring was done on all OP-CR patients diagnosed with CAD (n = 1213) from January 2000 through June 2013. Results: Nearly a quarter of the patients (24%; n = 288) displayed at least 1 mm of asymptomatic ST-segment depression at 80 milliseconds after the J-point during at least 1 session of OP-CR. Of these patients, 57% had medical management change(s) compared with 24% for those who did not show ECG changes suggesting ischemia (P < .0001). In patients with asymptomatic ischemia having medical management change(s), 84% resulted directly from OP-CR staff detection. Fewer patients diagnosed with myocardial infarction and coronary artery bypass graft surgery demonstrated ECG signs of ischemia, whereas more patients diagnosed with stable angina and percutaneous coronary interventions demonstrated ECG signs of ischemia. Conclusion: This study demonstrates that most patients with CAD showing asymptomatic ECG signs suggesting ischemia undergo medical management change(s) as a result of the finding. Diagnostic-quality ECG monitoring during OP-CR appears warranted in this population.
Objectives: (i) To analyze if general cognitive performance, perceived health and depression are predictors of Subjective Memory Complaints (SMC) contrasting their effect sizes; (ii) to analyze the relationship between SMC and objective memory by comparing a test that measures memory in daily life and a classical test of associated pairs; (iii) to examine if different subgroups, formed according to the MFE score, might have different behaviors regarding the studied variables. Methods: Sample: 3921 community-dwelling people (mean age 70.41 +/- 4.70) without cognitive impairment. Consecutive non-probabilistic recruitment. Assessment: Mini Cognitive Exam (MCE), daily memory Rivermead Behavioural Memory Test (RBMT), Paired Associates Learning (PAL), Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS), Nottingham Health Profile (NHP). Dependent variable: Memory Failures Everyday Questionnaire (MFE). Results: Two different dimensions to explain SMC were found: One subjective (MFE, GDS, NHP) and other objective (RBMT, PAL, MCE), the first more strongly associated with SMC. SMC predictors were NHP, GDS, RBMT and PAL, in this order according to effect size. Considering MFE scores we subdivided the sample into three groups (low, medium, higher scores): low MFE group was associated with GDS; medium, with GDS, NPH and RBMT, and higher, with age as well. Effect size for every variable tended to grow as the MFE score was higher. Conclusion: SMC were associated with both health profile and depressive symptoms and, in a lesser degree, with memory and overall cognitive performance. In people with fewer SMC, these are only associated with depressive symptomatology. More SMC are associated with depression, poor health perception and lower memory. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Background: Evidence for extreme ambient temperature effects on the risk of mental disorders (MDs) is limited. In this study, we evaluated the short-term effects of daily mean temperature on hospital admissions of MDs in Shanghai, China. Methods: We obtained daily hospital admission data for MDs, daily meteorological and ambient pollution data in Shanghai from January 2008 to December 2015. Adjusted for time trend, air pollution, relative humidity and other confounders, a quasi-Poisson generalized additive model (GAM) combined with a distributed lag non-linear model (DLNM) was used to analyze the lag-exposure-response relationship between daily mean temperature and hospital admissions for MDs. Results: Total daily hospital admissions for MDs during the study period were 93,971. With a reference of median temperature (18.3 degrees C), there was a significant positive association between the temperature above threshold (24.6 degrees C) and MD hospital admission visits at a lag of 0-1 days. The relative risks of extreme hot temperatures (33.1 degrees C, 99% percentile) over the lag 0-1 days compared to median temperature were 1.266 (95% confidence intervals: 1.074-1.493). No effect of cold weather on the hospital admissions for MDs was observed. Conclusions: This study suggests that extreme hot temperature poses significant risks on MD; health counseling and cooling measures should be considered for the susceptible population. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
This paper presents the design and the realisation of a technique to attenuate the hysteresis nonlinear phenomenon of piezoelectric actuators. Piezoelectric actuator are widely utilised for deformable mirrors used for MOAO and power laser beam shaping techniques. The nonlinearities of piezo are usually iteratively compensated using closed-loop set-ups. In open-loop control, the hysteresis and the creep of the piezo cannot be corrected, thus this nonlinearities must be removed or at least minimised. The concept has been demonstrated on high displacement Amplified Piezoelectric Actuators (APA) mounted in a Fabry-Perot interferometer. The hysteresis attenuation technique aims to assist the Fabry-Perots nano-positioning control system to attain its main scientific specification. In such system, each APA has a maximum stroke of 270 pm within a 170 V (-20 V to +150 V) range and is used to position a high reflective mirror plate. The Fabry-Perots nano-positioning control system is specified to limit the APAs positioning steady-state noise to 3nm rms, but the hysteresis limits the positioning accuracy. In order to attenuate hysteresis, a hybrid amplifier circuit built with a high power operational amplifier has been designed and applied for each APA. The experiments results show that the hysteresis effect has almost been eliminated, and consequently the positioning steady-state noise can significantly been reduced. Because of the excellent results of this hybrid amplifier, a patent application has been introduced in June 12, 2015 under number N 1555381 and is being reviewed now.
An area-efficient self-trimming technique for precision chopper-stabilized instrumentation amplifier (IA) is presented. The amplifier uses a reconfigurable differential pair for the input stage and it is automatically configured to reduce the mismatch of the differential pair, suppressing the chopper ripple. To confirm the effectiveness of the proposed scheme, an IA with the complete calibration logic is fabricated in a standard 180-nm CMOS and achieves active area, less than offset voltage, input-referred noise, and current consumption. The noise efficiency factor of the amplifier is 7.2.
Background: Electroencephalography (EEG) is still a widely used imaging tool that combines high temporal resolution with a relatively low cost. Ag/AgCl metal electrodes have been the gold standard for non-invasively monitoring electrical brain activity. Although reliable, these electrodes have multiple drawbacks: they suffer from noise, such as offset potential drift, and usability issues, for example, difficult skin preparation and cross-coupling of adjacent electrodes. New method: In order to tackle these issues a prototype Electric Potential Sensor (EPS) device based on an auto-zero operational amplifier was developed and evaluated. The EPS is a novel active ultrahigh impedance capacitively coupled sensor. The absence of 1/f noise makes the EPS ideal for use with signal frequencies of similar to 10 Hz or less. A comprehensive study was undertaken to compare neural signals recorded by the EPS with a standard commercial EEG system. Results: Quantitatively, highly similar signals were observed between the EPS and EEG sensors for both free running and evoked brain activity with cross correlations of higher than 0.9 between the EPS and a standard benchmark EEG system. Comparison with existing method(s): These studies comprised measurements of both free running EEG and Event Related Potentials (ERPs) from a commercial EEG system and EPS. Conclusions: The EPS provides a promising alternative with many added benefits compared to standard EEG sensors, including reduced setup time and elimination of sensor cross-coupling. In the future the scalability of the EPS will allow the implementation of a whole head ultra-dense EPS array. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A new operational amplifier cell for high voltage current sensing applications is presented in this paper. The proposed structure employs a fully low voltage input stage capable of tracking input common modes (CMs) ranging from GND rail to above the supply rail. Furthermore, a solution for ensuring the linearity of the amplifier over the entire operating voltages is discussed. The proposed circuit was implemented in a typical 0.25 mu m CMOS BCD technology and its performances were confirmed by simulations and silicon measurements.
This paper presents a compact, reliable 1.2 V low-power rail-to-rail class AB operational amplifier (OpAmp) suitable for integrated battery powered systems which require rail-to-rail input/output swing and high slew-rate while maintaining low power consumption. The OpAmp, fabricated in a standard 0.18 mu m CMOS technology, exhibits 86 dB open loop gain and 97 dB CMRR. Experimental measurements prove its correct functionality operating with 1.2 V single supply, performing very competitive characteristics compared with other similar amplifiers reported in the literature. It has rail-to-rail input/output operation, 5 MHz unity gain frequency and a 3.15 V/mu s slew-rate for a capacitive load of 100 pF, with a power consumption of 99 mu W. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
An architectural performance comparison of bandgap voltage reference variants, designed in a 0.18 mu m CMOS process, is performed with respect to single event transients. These are commonly induced in microelectronics in the space radiation environment. Heavy ion tests (Silicon, Krypton, Xenon) are used to explore the analog single-event transients and have revealed pulse quenching mechanisms in analogue circuits. The different topologies are compared, in terms of cross-section, pulse duration and pulse amplitude. The measured results, and the explanations behind the findings, reveal important guidelines for designing analog integrated circuits, which are intended for space applications. The paper includes an analysis on how pulse quenching occurs within the indispensable current mirror, which is used in every analog circuit.
Negative feedback technique employing high DC gain operational amplifier (op-amp) is one of the most important techniques in analog circuit design. However, high DC gain op-amp is difficult to realize in scaled technology due to a decrease of intrinsic gain. In this paper, high DC gain op-amp using common-gate topology with high power efficiency is proposed. To achieve high DC gain, large output impedance is required but input transistors' drain conductance decreases output impedance of conventional topology such as folded cascode topology with complementary input. This is because bias current of the output side transistors is not separated from the bias current of the input transistors. On the other hand, proposed circuit can suppress a degradation of output impedance by inserting common-gate topology between input and output side. This architecture separates bias current of the input transistors from that of the output side, and hence the effect of the drain conductance of input transistors is reduced. As the result, proposed circuit can increase DC gain about 10 dB compared with the folded cascode topology with complementary input in 65 nm CMOS process. Moreover, power consumption can be reduced because input NMOS and PMOS share bias current. According to the simulation results, for the same power consumption, in the proposed circuit gain-bandwidth product (GBW) is improved by approximately 30% and noise is also reduced in comparison to the conventional topology.
A novel weak capacitance measurement system is proposed to measure the gas-solid two-phase flows. The system is mainly consist of capacitance sensor, Micro-programmed Control Unit (MCU), Direct Digital Synthesizer (DDS), operational amplifier, analogue multiplier and low-pass filter. Since the stray capacitance is much larger than the variation of measured capacitance, the stray capacitance should be eliminate by the measurement system. The experimental results show that the system meets the application requirement, and has good linearity, high measurement accuracy and stray-immune. The result of the percentage error is about 0.6% and the non-linear error is less than 1.5%. The sampling rate which is related to the frequency of the signal generator and the MCU clock can reach 500 kps.
The article presents design of operational amplifier circuit in Austria Micro Systems, 350 nm SiGe BiCMOS technology, suitable for Chua's diodes construction. By connecting an external passive components it became the basis of Chua's circuit that can be used for example in communications and cryptography. The whole design is implemented in nanometer IC design kit from Mentor Graphics. The development kit allows to implement both pre-layout simulations but also close to the reality post-layout simulations, based on accurate models of technology processes which are available from the manufacturer of the integrated circuits in which they will be integrated. The results obtained are presented in this article.
The paper deals with the design of a charge pump circuit after analyzing the current mismatch problem. Charge sharing problem is eliminated by using transistors. For enhancing the matching characteristics a cascode type current mirror circuit is used. This design provides a technique by which the value of I-UP and I-DN is matched in way that there is no time mismatch between the UP and DN signals. The proposed design has a added advantage of low power consumption. All simulations are done at 1.8v power supply.
This paper deals with the susceptibility of analog integrated circuits to radio frequency interferences (RFI) and it concentrates on the effects induced by RFI on the operation of offset compensated chopped CMOS operational amplifiers. The first part of the work explains the causes of the additional output DC offset induced by input RF disturbances in chopped systems. Afterwards, the design of a chopped CMOS operational transconductance amplifier (OTA) is briefly treated and in the final part of the paper the results of some simulations performed on such OTA are presented in order to highlight the concepts discussed in the first and second paragraphs.
Circuit parameters and configuration are very important when studying the synergistic effects total dose/SET. We explore a method combining dynamic parameter measurement and spectrum analysis which lead to a better understanding of this complex phenomenon. In this paper symbolic circuit analysis is used to obtain the relationship between input, output and noise injection due to photocurrent generation in the form of a rational function using symbolic variables in the complex frequency domain. This simulation technique was able to predict the impact of (i) total dose level, (ii) circuit parameters, and (iii) the injected energy on the ASET shapes. Basic mechanisms as field collapse and collection efficiency were also predicted and assessed.
The current-feedback operational amplifier (CFOA) allows us to implement any kind of circuit useful in analogue signal processing applications. However, it has limited performance in implementing nonlinear circuits. That way, this investigation highlights the experimental results of implementing a multi-scroll chaotic oscillator by using the commercially available CFOA AD844. The chaotic oscillator is based on saturated nonlinear function (SNLF) series, and we show and discuss its frequency limitations to generate 3- to 10-scrolls from 1 kHz to 100 kHz. Finally, we conclude that the frequency limitations are due to the nonideal characteristics of the CFOA-based SNLF block, imposed by the AD844.
This brief presents an ultra-low-power low-noise chopped capacitively coupled instrumentation amplifier (CCIA) that is suitable for neural recording applications. An active high-pass filter is embedded in the ripple reduction loop (RRL) to suppress the residual noise and relax the capacitor size. Multiple chopping is employed to further reduce the residual output ripple due to the RRL offsets. A dc servo loop (DSL) using a 14-nA pseudofeedback amplifier is proposed to achieve a subhertz high-pass corner while using only a 15-pF on-chip capacitor. The complete CCIA is implemented in a standard 0.18-mu m CMOS process. It occupies an area of 0.23 mm(2) (including the DSL) and consumes 1.7 mu A froma 1.25-V supply, achieving a noise efficiency factor of 2.9 that compares favorably with the state of the art.
In this paper, the concept of multi-objective optimization is introduced in the automation of the placement task in analog integrated circuits layout design. To bridge the difficulties found on state-of-the-art works on fulfilling proximity constraints, here, cells are organized into proximity groups which implement the desired set of symmetry and proximity requirements. Then, an innovative archived-based multi-objective simulated annealing algorithm, operating over an absolute representation, is proposed to optimize the placement of each proximity group. In contrast to traditional single-objective placement approaches, the resulting Pareto fronts of placements, representing the tradeoffs between the optimization objectives of each group, are combined, bottom-up, through the design hierarchy, until a final front is obtained. This way, the problem's complexity is reduced, and split over multiple executions of the optimization kernel with less design variables, and also, analog designer becomes aware of the design tradeoffs. The proposed multi-objective and hierarchical methodology was implemented, and, experimental results prove that previous efforts on single-objective absolute representations are no match for the obtained floorplans. Furthermore, the obtained Pareto fronts contain the solutions found with the most recent published topological representations for the well-known Microelectronics Center of North Carolina benchmark sets, and, allowed an improvement of placement area up to 23% on a previously optimized folded cascode operational amplifier for the United Microelectronics Corporation 0.13 gm fabrication process. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Measurement of bone strain is the key factor in the bone biology studies to understand the changes in the structure of bone mass. This will be helpful in the improvement of treatment process for the patients suffered due to bone diseases. The system for the design of bone strain requires the components which include sensors, amplifiers, analog to digital converters (ADC), filter and the processing unit. Whenever the bone is loaded, it creates a small adjustment in the bone mass. The measurement of bone strain system requires more accuracy because of this very minimum variation in the structure of bone mass. Strain gauge sensors are used to sense the change in interconnected plates of bone mass (strain). The strain is a minimum value and in the range of micros, it desires to be processed to get the original value of strain. The processing of the signal is easier if it is a digital signal when compared to analog signal. Hence the voltage signal from the sensor measuring the strain is transmitted. Then the transmitted signal is amplified through operational amplifier and the analog signal is converted to digital using the comparator circuit. These operational amplifier and comparator circuit are designed using Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor (CMOS) technology to reduce the power consumption and simulated with the help of Mentor graphics. The system takes long time to measure the strain so that the system power consumption should be low. Thus the analysis of strain is useful in the treatment of orthopedic diseases.
Using a simplified high-frequency small-signal equivalent circuit model for BSIM3 MOSFET, the fully differential two-stage folded-cascode CMOS operational amplifier is analyzed to obtain its small-signal voltage transfer function. As a result, the expressions for dc gain, five zero frequencies, five pole frequencies, unity-gain frequency, and phase margin are derived for op amp design using design equations. Then the analysis result is verified through the comparison with Spice simulations of both a high speed op amp and a low power op amp designed for the 0.13 mu m CMOS process.
Output voltage and an inverting input voltage of inverting amplifier circuit are measured when conducted disturbance is injected to power supply pin by DPI measurement. Correlation between output voltage and inverting input voltage is shown.
Owning to the current or voltage can be artificially controlled, programmable DC electronic load plays an essential role in current and future power source testing. In this paper, we propose an electronic load which is easy to operate. The core of the design is power control module, where the compared result of current or voltage is used to control the current through the NMOS power transistor IRF540 or the voltage between the two ports of the electronic load. The keyboard and LCD based on MSP430 provide a friendly man-machine interactive interface. By establishing a feedback network using an operational amplifier, it can maintain the stability of the current or the voltage. The voltage follower and the differential amplifiers are utilized to sample the voltage and current signal. Moreover, overcurrent protection function is integrated in this design to enhance the robustness.
In this article, an on-chip self-calibrated 8-bit R-2R digital-to-analog converter (DAC) based on digitally compensated input offset of the operational amplifier (OPAMP) is presented. To improve the overall DAC performance, a digital offset cancellation method was used to compensate deviations in the input offset voltage of the OPAMP caused by process variations. The whole DAC as well as offset compensation circuitry were designed in a standard 90 nm CMOS process. The achieved results show that after the self-calibration process, the improvement of 48% in the value of DAC offset error is achieved.
We investigate analog single event transient (ASET) generation in an LM124 operational amplifier using focused pulsed x-rays and 800 nm femtosecond laser pulses. We report improvements that have been made to the pulsed x-ray experimental apparatus which include normal incidence geometry and a high speed x-ray chopper that allows us to reduce the pulse repetition frequency of the synchrotron derived x-ray pulse train. The addition of the chopper allows us to measure ASETs that have long relaxation times. We show that ASETs can be generated through metallization on the LM124, and that for equivalent pulse energy incident on the part, the x-ray response from areas covered by metal (and inaccessible to the laser) are different than the x-ray response from areas with no metallization, i.e. "metal-free". We use the laser pulses to generate ASETs at the same metal-free locations of x-ray induced ASETs. The shapes of the ASETs generated by the two methods are compared. We use the differences seen from the two generation methods to estimate the charge generation/collection produced by the pulsed x-rays and then estimate what LET this would correspond to for heavy ions. This work shows that pulsed x-rays can be used to characterize analog devices for single event effects.
This paper presents a low-power rail-to-rail amplifier with a paralleled folded-cascold structure input stage and a feed forward class AB output stage.the switch in the bias circuit is switching off to hoost the driving capability when the input single is low,or else,the amplifier works on the switching on state to save power.simulations using SMIC 0.35um process cooled and cadence specre at 33V supply voltage,the amplifier performs almost 70dB dc gain,the CMRR reaches 140dB and the lowest static power consumption is just 0.6mW.this amplifier is used in the PGA of hige precision sigma-delta ADC as a buffer to meet the input sigle range of 2.5V when the gain of the PGA is 1 or 2.
LC parallel resonance circuit, the equivalent impedance is purely resistive and the value of the maximum, by using this feature, the resonant circuit in the integrated operational amplifier feedback resistor position, can be at the resonant frequency to achieve specific signal of a frequency selection amplifying. This design is mainly by the attenuation frequency selection network, a frequency selection amplifying module and automatic gain control module, the two integrated operational amplifier and frequency selection network combination, to achieve stable resonant amplification, amplification of up to 81dB, resonant frequency of 15MHz; by using 3.6V single power supply, the power consumption is only 320mW, observed in the spectrum analyzer waveform of high Q value, the smaller rectangle coefficient, frequency offset in 100KHz, 3dB bandwidth in the 300KHz, the whole system has stable output, no excitation signal output.
Real numbermodeling of analog circuits in hardware description languages (HDLs) has become more common as a part of mixed-signal SoC validation. We propose two methods that both improve the fidelity and simulation speed, and make the event-driven, piecewise linear (PWL) analog functional models easier to write. First we use the accuracy set by users to dynamically determine when a new output segment should be emitted, which is computed without any iteration. This capability allows designers to trade accuracy for simulation speed of analog models without any time-consuming model calibration/error estimation, and creates models which generate events only when needed to maintain output accuracy. We next extend this method to eliminate limit-cycle oscillations that occur when simulating circuits with continuous-time feedback in a discrete-time event simulator. Handling this feedback efficiently allows the user to create the system model from simpler component models. The performance of this modeling approach is demonstrated on various analog filter models, an operational amplifier, and a high-speed, wireline transceiver system, and is 3.1x faster than an optimally-chosen, fixed-time step simulation for the transceiver.
In this paper, we presented a novel operational amplifier (op-amp) only with solution-processed n-type amorphous indium-gallium-zinc oxide (a-IGZO) thin-film transistors (TFTs). The a-IGZO TFTs and common-source amplifier were fabricated on glass substrate through the solution process and confirmed to show stable electrical characteristics suitable for display driving circuits. Based on the experimental results, we designed an op-amp to have an overall gain of 30.5 dB, a cut-off frequency of 1.47 kHz, and a unit gain frequency of 6.65 kHz when supply voltage was +/- 15 V. Finally, by constituting the comparator, the proposed op-amp is expected to be used in power control and driving systems for display applications.
This paper describes conditions and simple circuit modifications that eliminate undesired complex conjugate poles in two-stage operational amplifiers that are based on current buffer Miller compensation. The complex conjugate poles have been the main problem of this frequency compensation topology since its first introduction more than 30 years ago. It is shown that a resistor added between the second stage and the amplifier output creates a zero that improves stability and reduces the circuit to a second-order system. This greatly simplifies the design of an otherwise complex topology and at the same time retains the valued benefits of current buffer based frequency compensation. In addition, for the case where a short channel transistor is used for the current buffer, conditions that create sufficient phase margin for the inner loop of the amplifier without the nulling resistor are formulated.
It is shown that the recently-proposed modified current feedback operational amplifier (MCFOA) is quite a versatile element in that given a realization for a system function using MCFOAs, we can obtain three alternate realizations using the same MCFOA but by appropriately connecting the y, x, w, and z terminals of the MCFOA to the remaining part of the original realization. Using the results concerning the transpose of a multi-terminal element, it is further shown that the transpose of an MCFOA is another MCFOA. Thus, using the results of transposition, given a voltage-mode circuit using MCFOAs, we can directly obtain four current-mode circuits using the same MCFOAs or vice versa. Copyright (c) 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The paper presents a four-stage operational amplifier (OPA) with high DC gain and large bandwidth by combining no capacitor feedforward compensation and reversed nested indirect compensation. The proposed OPA is simulated in TSMC 65 nm 1.2 V CMOS process, achieving 100 dB DC gain, 330 MHz gain-bandwidth product, 266.25 V/mu s slew rate and 1.56 mW power dissipation with 1.2 V supply voltage.
This paper presents a single-stage ultra-low-power fully differential operational transconductance amplifier (FD-OTA) with rail-to-rail linear input range operating in weak inversion region. The input core of the OTA is comprised of source degenerated, flipped voltage follower (FVF)-based bulk-driven class AB input pair, into which a regenerative feedback loop has been inserted to boost its bulk transconductance (gib). The proposed FD-OTA has utilized selfcascode current mirror (SC-CM) loads, which increase its open loop gain from nominal intrinsic value of 42 dB to 70.4 dB. It has provided 9.24 kHz gain bandwidth (GBW), consuming 64 nW of quiescent power from a 0.51 V single power supply at 15 pF load. The proposed OTA in unity gain configuration has ensured reduced total harmonic distortion (THD) of 52.4 dB at 200 Hz frequency and 1 Vp-p signal swing. Its fully differential class AB input and output structures have ensured increased gain, GBW, slew rates and output swings with reduced nonlinearity and common mode substrate noise. The Cadence Virtuoso environment using GPDK 180 nm standard n-well CMOS process technology has been used to simulate the proposed circuit.
Four parts of opamp OP1177ARZ manufactured by Analog Devices have been tested. The chips have been compared visually and with specialized software. Forms of ionization response in three checkpoints have been registered, and maps of response amplitudes on the crystal surface have been constructed. It has been fixed, that crystals samples are various in spite of identical crystals marking. So TID behavior of various samples has been observed.
A high-speed folded-cascode OP amplifier with a dynamic switching bias circuit, which enables low power consumption, high gain stably, and a relatively wide dynamic range in low power supply voltages, is proposed. Through simulations, it was shown that the OP amplifier is able to operate at a 10 MHz dynamic switching rate and a dissipated power of 71 % of that observed in continuous operation. It also showed an open loop gain of 51 dB and a 0.996 V output dynamic range which is wider than that in a telescopic OP amplifier. The 10 MHz high-speed switching operation, allowing processing video signals, was confirmed by applying to a switched capacitor non-inverting amplifier with a gain of below 2. The simulation results showed that the output inaccuracy for a switched capacitor amplifier with a gain of below 2 is below 1.5 %, which is practicable. This inaccuracy was caused by the static nonlinearity of the OP amplifier, determined on its limited open loop gain.
This paper presents a new environment for characterizing foundry CMOS device models and analog basic blocks. This environment can also be used to design some analog basic building blocks. It designs analog circuits by dividing them into a set of basic building blocks connected together, where each block is optimized separately considering other blocks' loading and/or boundary conditions. It can run over different technologies using foundry models and simulation measurements without approximations, hand calculations or simplified equations. The efficiency of the complete flow is evaluated through designing a single-ended two-stage operational amplifier over 180nm, 130nm, 90nm, 65nm and 40nm technologies.
In the present paper a novel automatic gain control pre-amplifier for hearing aid device is proposed and analyzed. The proposed design utilizes feedback and feed forward loop in order to control the gain of the device. Input and output thresholds have been accommodated to provide dual control. The weak input signal is amplified in three modes. High gain for low input and low gain for high input forms the basis of amplification. The measured average power dissipation of the complete pre-amplifier is 410 mu W with a dual power supply of +/- 0.7 V in 180 nm technology node. Frequency of operation is up to 20 kHz.
The synergistic effect between displacement damage dose (DDD) and analog transient radiation effects on electronics (ATREE) in an operational amplifier (LM124) (opamp) from three different manufacturers is investigated. Pulsed X-ray experiments have highlighted ATREE sensitivity on devices significantly more important following exposure to fission neutrons than for unirradiated devices. A previously developed simulation tool is used to model ATREE responses taking into account the electrical parameters degradation due to displacement damage phenomenon. A good agreement is observed between model outputs and experimental ATREE results.
In this paper, a novel Current-Mode (CM) square/triangular wave oscillator, based on second generation current conveyor (CCII), operating as resistance/capacitance to time conversion is described. The proposed oscillator, which consists of two CCII as an active element, three grounded resistances and one capacitance found to be an effective alternate of voltage mode based interfaces for wide range capacitive and resistive sensors. The interface circuit was implemented with commercially available current feedback operational amplifier AD844 from Analog Devices and passive components. Experimental results confirmed the theoretical expectations, showing good linearity in wide oscillation frequency/period range, which can be independently adjusted through resistive or capacitive external passive components. Experimental measurement was also conducted on a fabricated capacitive humidity sensor to verify the real time application of the proposed interface circuit. The interface circuit has shown a good accuracy and linearity for wide variation in capacitance of humidity sensor.
We report a five-component autonomous chaotic oscillator of jerky type, hitherto the simplest of its kind, using only one operational amplifier. The key component of the circuit is a junction field-effect transistor operating in its triode region, which provides a nonlinear resistor of antisymmetrical current-voltage characteristic, emulating a Colpitts-like chaotic circuit. We describe the experimental results illustrating the dynamical behavior of the circuit. In addition, we report numerical simulations of a model of the circuit which display good agreement with our measurements.
In this paper we present an analysis of the voltage amplifier needed for double differential (DD) sEMG measurements and a novel, very simple circuit for implementing DD active electrodes. The three-input amplifier that standalone DD active electrodes require is inherently different from a differential amplifier, and general knowledge about its design is scarce in the literature. First, the figures of merit of the amplifier are defined through a decomposition of its input signal into three orthogonal modes. This analysis reveals a mode containing EMG crosstalk components that the DD electrode should reject. Then, the effect of finite input impedance is analyzed. Because there are three terminals, minimum bounds for interference rejection ratios due to electrode and input impedance unbalances with two degrees of freedom are obtained. Finally, a novel circuit design is presented, including only a quadruple operational amplifier and a few passive components. This design is nearly as simple as the branched electrode and much simpler than the three instrumentation amplifier design, while providing robust EMG crosstalk rejection and better input impedance using unity gain buffers for each electrode input. The interference rejection limits of this input stage are analyzed. An easily replicable implementation of the proposed circuit is described, together with a parameter design guideline to adjust it to specific needs. The electrode is compared with the established alternatives, and sample sEMG signals are obtained, acquired on different body locations with dry contacts, successfully rejecting interference sources.
In this paper, a new Voltage-Mode (VM) first-order All-Pass Filter (APF) topology composed of only a grounded capacitor is proposed. The proposed APF uses a single, minus-type, second-generation, current conveyor (CCII-), which can be constructed by only five MOS transistors. It has low power consumption. The resonance frequency of the proposed APF can be adjusted by changing only a resistor value. However, it needs a single matching condition. As an application, a quadrature oscillator example is given. A non-ideality analysis for the proposed APF is also given. A number of time domain and frequency domain simulation results and an experimental test result are included to confirm the theory. (C) 2015 Sharif University of Technology. All rights reserved.
This paper presents a digital testing strategy for characterizing an analog circuit block. The operational amplifier (op amp) is evaluated due to its wide application in electronic circuits and systems. In the proposed strategy, the op amp device under test (DUT) is configured to respond to a testing pulse, and the associated output is digitized by a digital buffer to reduce the high cost of generating a high-frequency clock. The testing procedure is divided into two modes to estimate the reference slew rate and then to evaluate the practical slew rate to moderate the difficulty of designing a digital buffer that has a highly precise delay time. The testing concept, accuracy, time, and hardware are also comprehensively investigated to describe the proposed testing strategy. The digital compatibility, the simplicity, and the testing capability of the high-performance op amp are the main advantages of the proposed testing strategy. Easily available discrete devices were experimentally employed to verify the functionality of the proposed testing strategy. An integrated application to test the op amp DUT embedded in a second-order Sallen-Key low-pass filter was simulated with the HSPICE tool to verify the testing feasibility and the effectiveness of the proposed strategy.
Temperature is one of the basic biophysical quantity monitored for various biomedical systems. Moreover, the variation of temperature is also an important parameter which can be used for estimating other measurands, such as respiratory airflow. This paper proposes a simple operational amplifier-based astable multivibrator circuit for linearization of the characteristic of a negative temperature coefficient thermistor constituting one of the timing resistors. The circuit has been combined with a lookup table to get the unknown temperature value from multivibrator output. Moreover, the same system topology can be used as a linearizer for measurement of respiratory airflow. The performance of the composite system has been verified experimentally. A linearity of approximately +/- 0.75% has been achieved over 30 degrees C-110 degrees C in the case of temperature measurement and +/- 1.2% for airflow of 10-60 LPM. Better results can also be achieved with the introduction of interpolation algorithms, but at a higher computational and component cost. The compactness of the complete system makes it a good candidate for embedded sensing applications in biomedical systems, such as point-of-care monitoring or in sleep study.
In communication and computing devices, the growing demand for high performance, battery-operated portable equipments have transferred the concentration from staid constraints (such as area, performance and reliability) to power consumption. In the present scenario there is a cardinal requirement to diminish power consumption for non-portable systems where power dissipation and leakage current are censorious concerns. In VLSI circuits and systems, power dissipation is still censorious because the leakage occurs when device is in inactive mode. To reduce the leakage power and leakage current in FinFET based operational amplifier, a new circuit technique called low power state technique is adduced in this paper. This approach reduces significant amount of power during active mode and also has an endowment of conserving the state in state retention mode 1. The op-amp electrical characteristics are obtained by employing Cadence Virtuoso tool for circuit simulation at 0.7 V input supply voltage. The simulated DC gain thus obtained is 65.4 dB in the active mode. The proposed FinFET based operational amplifier performance traits are studied and compared with the existing CMOS technology at 45 nm scale. Here, the effect of temperature variation on electrical characteristics of op-amp at 45 nm technology regime has been reconnoitered. FUrthermore, by employing low power approach, the enhancement in slew rate has been significantly attained. The simulation results are given and concluded.
A novel integrated fault diagnosis method of 8 bit Digital to Analog Converter (DAC) circuit is presented in our paper. The circuit is based on the one presented in the IEEE 1997 International Test Conference (ITC'97). The gain waveforms of faulty and faults free (Golden) circuits as well as internal node voltages of two stage CMOS Operational Amplifier is used to detect the faults. An assembled fault detection procedure is introduced along with its localization and percentage of detectable faults estimation using HSPICE and MATLAB. This type of test is defined minutely accurate and effectiveness of it in detecting faulty circuit is evaluated.
A simple experimental setup for measuring Planck's constant, using Landauer quantization of the conductance between touching gold wires, is described. It consists of two gold wires with thickness of 500 mu m and 1.5 cm length, and an operational amplifier. The setup costs less than $30 and can be realized in every teaching laboratory in two weeks. The use of an oscilloscope is required.
The rising level of electromagnetic pollution recorded in recent years represents a serious threat to the reliability of electronic devices and systems, which our life is plenty of. Besides corrupting nominal signals, electromagnetic interference ( EMI) collected by interconnects can drive active nonlinear devices, which integrated circuits are made of, out of their nominal operating region and this usually results in distortion of the signals. The most harmful effect of such a process is the generation of the baseband intermodulation products, i. e., demodulated EMI that can be distinguished from nominal signals unlikely. This point is addressed in the first part of this paper where the expression of the offset induced by the radio frequency interference in MOS differential pair is derived then used to show the effect of EMI in feedback operational amplifiers. Some techniques to obtain higher immunity levels are also presented. The second part of this paper focuses on low-offset low-noise amplifiers of common use in sensor signal conditioning circuits that usually show high susceptibility to EMI. Aiming to address this issue, a new technique based on the dynamic cancelation of EMI-induced errors is presented, and evidences of its effectiveness are provided showing simulation and measurement results.
Improvement in noise performance and transconductance using positive feedback approach in bulk driven operational amplifier is proposed in this paper. Downscaling of CMOS technology has compelled the supply voltage to reduce, which in turn demands the reduction in threshold voltage. To overcome the barrier of threshold, bulk driven technique is a good non-conventional approach because it require no modification in the existing structure of MOSFET. The limitation with bulk driven approach is that the transconductance of operational amplifier get reduced almost three to four times. Thanks to loop of positive feedback. The resulting transconductance is boosted to a higher value; thus, increasing the voltage gain and decreasing the input referred noise. So, concept of positive feedback is used in the design of low voltage (LV) low Power (LP) building blocks of operational amplifier using standard CMOS technology. Though amplifier is designed for power supply of 1V, it is also capable to operate at supply of less than 1V. The simulation is carried out using Mentorgraphics tools of 180 nm technology.
This article presents a design concept of a time gain-compensation (TGC) amplifier integrated circuit (IC) for ultrasonic echo signal processing. The TGC chain contains pre-amplification, attenuation, filtering and comparison circuit blocks. An on-chip oscillator, bias circuit and digital control core are also included. The presented TGC IC concept blocks are designed and modeled using Cadence's IC design tools using a 250 nm CMOS process. The operational amplifier implemented in the TGC IC has a gain of 35 dB with a -3 dB bandwidth of 750 kHz, which corresponds to ultrasonic signal frequency range. The second order active band pass filter is of a Sallen-Key topology with a 274 MHz center frequency and a filter quality factor of Q = 1.018. A ring oscillator with external tuning capability is modeled at 448 kHz and has a 0.09 % frequency deviation. The ultrasonic echo processing chain has a digital output where the length of the pulse corresponds to the received signal strength. This makes the presented TGC IC concept suitable for both simple and complex ultrasonic, medical, industrial or research equipment.
A low voltage and low power Operational amplifier (Opamp) using Process, temperature insensitive current source has been presented. The design methodology of the addition based current source and the Opamp implementation using this current source is presented. The spice simulations are carried out in GPDK 90 nm technology at 0.6 V supply. The results of addition based current source Opamp are compared with the MOSFET current source Opamp. The proposed Opamp shows better gain of 80.6db, GBW of 3MHz and low power consumption of 54 uW.
In the neural network field, many application models have been proposed. Previous analog neural network models were composed of the operational amplifier and fixed resistance. It is difficult to change the connecting weight of network. In this study, we used analog electronic multiple and sample hold circuits. The connecting weights describe the input voltage. It is easy to change the connection coefficient. This model works only on analog electronic circuits. It can finish the learning process in a very short time and this model will enable more flexible learning. However, the structure of this model is only one input and one output network. We improved the number of unit and network layer. Moreover, we suggest the possibility of realization about the hardware implementation of the deep learning model.
In this paper, we elaborate a program based on multi-objective genetic algorithms (MOGAs) to allow automated optimization of analog circuits. The proposed methodology is used to find the optimal transistors sizes (length and width) in order to obtain operational amplifier performances for analog and mixed CMOS-based circuit applications. Eight performances are considered in this study, direct current (DC) gain, unity-gain bandwidth (GBW), phase margin (PM), power consumption (P), area (A), slew rate (SR), thermal noise and signal to noise ratio (SNR). The program is solved using MATLAB Optimization Toolbox (TM) solvers. Also by using variables obtained from genetic algorithms, the operational transconductance amplifier (OTA) is simulated by using Cadence Virtuoso Spectre circuit simulator in standard TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company) RF 0.18 mu m CMOS technology. A good agreement is observed between the program optimization and electric simulation.
A fast Fourier transform (FFT)-based digital calibration method for 1.5 bit/stage pipeline analog-to-digital converter (ADC) is proposed in this paper. Capacitor mismatch and finite gain of the operational amplifier (OPAMP) can be overcome by the proposed calibration method. Given that the capacitor mismatch and the finite OPAMP gain cause the radix of all the stages of 1.5 bit/stage pipeline ADC to become unequal to 2, the FFT processor can be adopted to evaluate the actual radixes of all the stages and then generate new digital output to compensate for error caused by these non-ideal effects. Moreover, as capacitor mismatch and the finite gain of OPAMP can be compensated, low-gain OPAMP can be used in high-performance ADC to reduce power dissipation; a small capacitor can then be adopted to save on space. An example of a 10 bit 1.5 bit/stage pipelined ADC with only an 8 bit circuit performance is implemented in 0.18 mu m TSMC CMOS process. Circuit measurement result reveals that the signal-to-noise-and-distortion ratio of 51.03 dB with 11 dB improvement after calibration can be achieved at the sample rate of 1 MHz. Copyright (c) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Memristor has been claimed as the passive fourth fundamental circuit element in 1971. About four decades later, a physical realization which presents memristor behavior has resulted in significant interest on memristor and it is continuing to increase at a growing rate. Memristor can provide new possibilities in analog circuit design thanks to its properties which cannot be mimicked by older passive circuit elements. Since no practically available memristor exist on the market yet, obtaining of a practical implementation which behaves like a memristor is important from the point of view real-world circuit design. In this paper, an ultra low-voltage ultra low-power DTMOS-based memristor design is presented. Ultra low-voltage, ultra low-power operational amplifier and ultra low-voltage, ultra low-power multiplier are also designed to use in the implementation. Memristor design is composed of these two type active blocks using CMOS 0.18 A mu m process technology with symmetric +/- 0.25 V supply voltages. Our memristor is used in a second order Sallen-Key band-pass filter topology. Designed memristor-based Sallen-Key band-pass filter is then used for real electroencephalogram data processing. The simulation results show that the design of adjustable memristor memristance/memductance provides tunable filter parameters and without any significant distortion with appropriate parameter set even at ultra-low power levels and at very-low frequencies.
This paper proposes a new CMOS based Bandgap voltage reference generator (BGR) circuit by using polysilicon resistors in 32nm CMOS technology. This reference generator uses a three stage operational amplifier for improved performance over previously proposed BGR circuits. The proposed design is simulated in Synopsys HSPICE simulator. This circuit produces an output reference voltage of 0.725V at the room temperature (25 degrees C) for the supply voltage of 1.8V. Analysis shows that, a very low temperature coefficient (TC) of 13ppm/degrees C is obtained in the output reference voltage for the temperature range of-40 degrees C to 100 degrees C. Using poly-silicon resistor the area is reduced, without losing too much control over current consumption.
A power and area efficient metal-oxide semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET)-only 1.5-bit fully differential pipelined analog-to-digital converter (ADC) stage is proposed and designed in TSMC 0.18 mu m digital CMOS technology with supply voltage of 1.8 V. It is based on charge pump based technique to achieve the stage voltage gain of 2. Various capacitances are implemented by MOSCAPs (capacitance offered by the MOSFET), offering compatibility with cheaper digital complimentary metal-oxide semiconductor (CMOS) process in order to reduce the much required manufacturing cost. The proposed stage suffers from only linear gain error with full signal swing of 2 V peak-to-peak (p-p) differential. Using the proposed stage, un-calibrated signal-to-noise and distortion ratio (SNDR) and spurious-free dynamic range (SFDR) for 10-bit, 100 MS/s pipelined ADC are 40.11 and 40.86 dB, respectively, which can be further increased by using a simple digital calibration technique. Comparison between the proposed stage and conventional operational amplifier based stage shows insensitivity towards capacitor mismatch along with power savings and design simplicity.
The paper presents the structure and the principle of operation of the improved' Howland current pumps (or voltage-controlled current sources (VCCSs) for a grounded load). In particular, under review is the VCCS employing power operational amplifier (op amp) and the VCCS using low power op amp and an additional power transistor, extending working dynamic range. On the basis of analysis of the operational principle, the equations for transfer functions of both circuits and formulas for the related dynamic electrical parameters are obtained. Moreover, using these formulas, a design procedure is developed, and recommendations for simulation modelling are given. The efficiency of the proposed procedure is verified by simulation modelling and experimental testing of sample electronic circuits of VCCSs. Copyright (c) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
This work focuses on the subthreshold design of ultra low-voltage low-power operational amplifiers. A well-defined procedure for the systematic design of subthreshold operational amplifiers (op-amps) is introduced. The design of a 0.5-V two-stage Miller-compensated amplifier fabricated with a 0.18-mu m complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor process is presented. The op-amp operates with all transistors in subthreshold region and achieves a DC gain of 70dB and a gain-bandwidth product of 18kHz, dissipating just 75nW. The active area of the chip is approximate to 0.057mm(2). Experimental results demonstrate that well-designed subthreshold op-amps are a very attractive solution to implement sub-1-V energy-efficient applications for modern portable electronic systems. A comparative analysis with low-voltage, low-power op-amp designs available in the literature highlights that subthreshold op-amps designed according to the proposed design procedure achieve a better trade-off among speed, power, and load capacitance. Copyright (c) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
This paper presents a novel low power bandgap reference circuit, the bandgap reference adopts half a period working mechanism. The operational amplifier doesn't work during the switched capacitor network sampling. And the operational amplifier works after the charge balanced. The bandgap reference runs discontinuously. The design implements in standard 0.18um CMOS process. The simulation result shows that, the circuit consumes 19.8 uAat 3.3V. The noise of the circuit in low frequency achieves 3.9 mu V/root Hz and the temperature coefficient is 21 ppm/degrees C.
Electrical arcs emit extremely high intensity light across a wide spectrum that can damage the eye's delicate structures, such as the cornea or the retina. Developing industry safety standards to mitigate light hazards is a critical component of arc flash safety. Accurate measurement of light intensity is the first step in understanding the level of eye protection needed. Traditionally, light measurement devices are an assembly of light-detecting resistors made from cadmium sulfide (CdS) or silicon (Si) cells. However, their response times are inadequate for capturing the peak light intensity or the dynamic changes during the initial arc flash. In addition, the brightness of an arc flash is greater than the measurable light levels from traditional light measurement devices. Furthermore, the light sensitivity of traditional sensors does not match the Commission Internationale de l'Eclairage luminosity function V (lambda) curve, which defines the human eye's sensitivity to bright light as a function of wavelength under typical ambient light conditions. This paper discusses a novel light measurement technique to overcome the limitations of traditional approaches. This design is capable of measuring the light intensity of the arc flash as perceived by the human eyes. These results can be used to evaluate the potential of an arc flash to harm the eyes.
In this paper a DVCC based operational amplifier has been proposed. A pole has been introduced in transfer characteristic of DVCC by an integrated capacitor. The op amp is composed of an on chip DVCC, one integrated NMOS resistor, a capacitor and a CMOS voltage follower. The bandwidth of DVCC op amp can be adjusted by voltage tuning of the resistor. Conventional voltage mode operational amplifiers suffer from introduction of second pole at high frequencies, thus rendering the circuits suitable for low frequency applications only. The proposed DVCC op amp has large signal bandwidth and can operate for wide range of frequencies. A bandpass filter has been tested using the reported op amp in PSPICE and theoretical analysis has been presented.
This paper describes a novel operational amplifier (OPA) voltage controlled oscillator (VCO) circuit which can be used in frequency range exceeding unity gain bandwidth. The VCO topology is based on the operational-amplifier- negative-inductance converter. The oscillator architecture, mathematical modeling, simulation and measurement results are presented. The designed VCO uses an ultra low noise wideband OPA LMH6624, covers frequency band between 786.3 MHz and 1.0 GHz and exhibits a maximum in-band phase noise of - 141.3 dBc/Hz at 1 MHz offset from carrier frequency. Power consumption of the VCO core is 57 mW from a +/- 2.5 V power supply. The simulation results are verified by implementing the oscillator that generates a low-noise signal.
The electrode distance variance and capacitance style pressure sensor is talked about. The change rate of the pressure is treated as judging basis of whether the fault is existed. Make the bridge output signal as the sensor's output signal and one of the detection signal, also make the operational amplifier output signal as another detection signal. The expressions of each element in drift failure when in changeless input signal are obtained. and the change laws of them are analyzed. On the basis of these works it is verified that different elements' failure can be distinguished and solved. After such works the fault location and the fault evaluation are realized. The simulation tells that the value of the fault diagnosis's results are relatively close to the true value of the fault.
Implantable devices like artificial cardiac pacemakers are generally used to control irregular pulses of heart. For 10-year usage, high accuracy supply voltage is essential with the unavoidable aging of the power system to achieve near-natural beat rhythm. A Self-Calibration DC-DC Buck converter (SC-Buck) is proposed to achieve high output voltage accuracy by eliminating offset caused by mismatch of process, voltage and temperature (PVT). Furthermore, the discontinuity which affects transient performance in conventional offset cancellation is also overcome. Large area occupation, which is required to decrease mismatch in conventional operational amplifier, can be largely decreased according to Monte Carlo analysis. Without trimming process, the proposed SC-Buck technique achieves high accuracy for long-term usage (years) and low cost. The test chip fabricated in UMC 28nm CMOS process proves the output voltage accuracy of 97% since the mismatch of error amplifier can be suppressed from 122% to 1%.
In this letter, silicon carbide MOSFET-based integrated circuits have been designed, fabricated, and successfully tested from -193 degrees C (80 K) to 500 degrees C. Silicon carbide single MOSFETs remained fully operational over a 700-degrees C wide temperature range and exhibited stable I-V characteristics. The circuits that include operational amplifier (op-amp), 27-stage ring oscillator, and buffer were tested and shown to be functional up to 500 degrees C with relatively small performance variation between 300 degrees C and 500 degrees C. High-temperature evaluation of these circuits confirmed stable operation and survivability of both the ring oscillator and op-amp for more than 100 h at 500 degrees C.
By using compensation technique with feed-forward path, an improved folded cascode operational transconductance amplifier (OTA) that operates in weak inversion region is designed. The proposed configuration consists of composite transistors, recycling structure and feed-forward compensation path. In comparison with the typical folded cascode CMOS Miller amplifier, this design has higher DC gain, unity gain frequency and slew rate without adversely affecting the noise and offset performance. The presented OTA is simulated in 0.18 mu m CMOS technology and the simulation results confirm the theoretical analyses. Finally, the proposed amplifier has a 104.5 dB open-loop DC gain and 69.4 kHz unity gain frequency @ 0.6 V supply voltage while the power consumption is 300 nW.
Based on the action principle of continuous wave Doppler Radio fuze, the hardware-in-the-loop simulation system is designed. Will test the role of the fuze Doppler signal which the fuze generated will be collected by using precision operational amplifier OPA378, after its adjustment to the processor, the processor will collect the signal to AD conversion, and upload to the host computer, the received dopple signal waveform is displayed, to stop after the threshold accepted. Finally, the experimental results show that the system can simulate the CW Doppler airfuse fuze.
Memristor is a nano device that exhibits unique IV pinched hysteresis loop with switching mechanism and has ability to remember its last state. These interesting memristor characteristics encourage researchers to understand the new device and develop its potential applications. The problem is memristor has not yet available in current market due to the cost and technical difficulties in fabrication nanoscale device. Thus, the only way is develop model for memristor. In this paper, few SPICE memristor models are selected and their I-V behaviors are compared to a physical memristor to verify model similarity with actual device. Next a new approach of CMOS memristor application is proposed. An interfacing circuit between SPICE memristor model and CMOS circuit is presented. The interfacing circuit is composed by write circuit (to program memristor resistance) and read circuit (to read memristor current) using operational amplifier and current mirror. This interfacing circuit is very important to incorporate memristor into CMOS for CMOS-memristor application studies.
This paper proposes a macromodel to emulate the nonlinear behavior of current-feedback operational amplifiers (CFOAs) at low-frequency. The main difference between this macromodel and those reported previously in the literature is that herein, real physical active device performance parameters along with parasitic elements associated to the input-output terminals of the amplifier are considered. To validate the deduced behavioral model, a saturated nonlinear function series (SNFS) based on CFOAs is built and numerical simulations are generated. In this point, the modeling problem is cast in terms of an augmented set of equations but that, unlike a piece-wise linear (PWL) approach, the dynamic behavior of each CFOA is considered. Afterwards, the SNFS is experimentally tested by using commercially available active devices, confirming good agreement among theoretical simulations and experimental tests at two operating frequencies and showing a better accuracy compared with a PWL approach and a linear model for CFOAs. Because the derived nonlinear macromodel for CFOAs is used for generating the behavioral model of the SNFS, one concludes that the latter is also both accurate and efficient with respect to traditional techniques, such as PWL approaches. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper presents an ultra-low-power low-voltage Class-AB Fully Differential Operational Amplifier designed in 45-nm CMOS technology. The proposed circuit uses transistors operating in sub-threshold region for low-power and low-voltage operation. The proposed Op Amp offers an open-loop gain of 74.6 dB, 1 MHz unity gain frequency, 50-degrees Phase Margin, and 91.55 dB common-mode rejection ratio for 10 pF loads with a power consumption of 0.39 mu W at a +/-0.4 V supply. Simulation results illustrate a Slew Rate of 0.013 V/us and a rail-to-rail output swing, demonstrating its correct functionality.
In this paper, a low-power and precise electrical stimulator is introduced in which no operational amplifier (OPAMP) is used. For electrical stimulations that have low pulse width, an OPAMP with high slew rate is needed which is power consuming. In this work, the OPAMP is substituted with a digital circuitry. A 100 KHz clock is also used to update the current of the stimulator in the stimulation phases in order to make the stimulator accurate enough. Producing such a clock needs only few micro watts. This stimulator is simulated in a 0.18 mu m CMOS process, as well. The simulation results shows that this stimulator has only 0.056% charge mismatch in 1 mA stimulation current with a pulse width of 32 mu s.
Functional errors in analog portion of mixed signal circuits become more severe and improvements in verification methods are increasingly important. Current verification methods fall into two categories, simulation-based verification and formal verification (Barke et al. [1]), focusing on verifying analog circuit function/performance, This paper proposes a novel approach verifying analog circuit design using causal reasoning. Causal reasoning is the inductive reasoning process to create a new design. The flow begins with mining the causal reasoning steps (design plan) that produced the circuit, including starting ideas, design step sequence, and their justifications (Jiao et al., 2015 [2]).. Then, topological features corresponding to the starting ideas and design step sequence are verified individually by replacing the related devices with ideal behavior model. Performance is evaluated through Cadence Spectre simulation. Comparison with new circuit performance reveals incorrect functional issues and/or performance potentials for improvement. They are negative causes of certain starting ideas or design steps, which might have been omitted during the design process. The paper discusses three operational amplifier designs realized in 0.2-mu m CMOS technology to illustrate the verification approach. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
This paper explores the modeling and design of Miller-based operational amplifier structures that are highly immune to electromagnetic interference (EMI). The proposed CMOS Miller-based operational amplifier is derived using the present modeling. It provides higher immunity to EMI that is injected into the amplifier's input over a wide range of frequencies; moreover, the frequency response is comparable to that of a Miller operational amplifier. Simulation results show that the maximum EMI-induced input offset voltage for the proposed CMOS operational amplifier is 5 mV at an EMI frequency of 40 MHz, when a 900 mVpp EMI signal is applied at its input. In contrast, the standard Miller operational amplifier generates an input offset voltage of 32 mV under the same operating conditions. The developed mathematical modeling of the EMI-induced offset correlates with the circuit simulations, providing superior accuracy when designing for high EMI robustness.
A multifunctional platform based on the microhotplate was developed for applications including a Pirani vacuum gauge, temperature, and gas sensor. It consisted of a tungsten microhotplate and an on-chip operational amplifier. The platform was fabricated in a standard complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS) process. A tungsten plug in standard CMOS process was specially designed as the serpentine resistor for the microhotplate, acting as both heater and thermister. With the sacrificial layer technology, the microhotplate was suspended over the silicon substrate with a 340 nm gap. The on-chip operational amplifier provided a bias current for the microhotplate. This platform has been used to develop different kinds of sensors. The first one was a Pirani vacuum gauge ranging from 10(-1) to 10(5) Pa. The second one was a temperature sensor ranging from -20 to 70 degrees C. The third one was a thermal-conductivity gas sensor, which could distinguish gases with different thermal conductivities in constant gas pressure and environment temperature. In the fourth application, with extra fabrication processes including the deposition of gas-sensitive film, the platform was used as a metal-oxide gas sensor for the detection of gas concentration.
This paper present a virtual instrumentation system for learning the Operational Amplifiers (Op Amps) circuits function, design and analysis. By combining the schematic diagram and simulation tools with the multifunction data acquisition board (DAQ) and measurement features provided by LabVIEW, the real analog signals are easily sampled and then compared with the signals of simulated Op Amp circuits. With the proposed system can be studied Op Amp circuits in different configurations: inverting, adder and integrator amplifier. With minimal modifications can be added other circuits' configurations as: no inverting, subtraction, differential or other nonlinear circuits. Simulated Op Amp circuits have models that are based on the electrical characteristics of their components. Experimental platform consists of integrated circuit Op Amp, related components configured diagram and power supply. Voltage signals applied to the input of the circuit come from an external source or signal generator or are generated using DAQ module. The generated signals from DAQ module can be in the form of DC voltage, sinusoidal, triangular or rectangular; these signals parameters can easily be adjusted by software. All parameter values are measured using DAQ module and specially designed virtual instruments. The output signal values from DAQ module may be manually applied, point by point to the input of the circuit test or can be applied automatically.
This paper presents a new family of Class-AB operational transconductance amplifier (OTA) circuits based on single-stage topologies with non-linear current amplifiers. The proposed variable-mirror amplifier (VMA) architecture is mainly characterized by generating all Class-AB current in the output transistors only, by exhibiting very low sensitivity to both technology and temperature deviations, and by avoiding the need for any internal frequency-compensation mechanism. Hence, this family of OTAs is well-suited for low-power switched-capacitor circuits and specifically optimized for switched-OpAmp fast on-off operation and multi-decade load-capacitance specifications. Analytical expressions valid in all regions of operation are presented to minimize VMA settling time in discrete-time circuits. Also, a complete OTA design example integrated in 0.18 mu m 1P6M MiM 1.8 V CMOS technology is supplied with detailed simulation and experimental results. Compared to resistor-free state-of-art Class-AB OpAmp and OTA literature, the proposed architecture returns the highest measured figure-of-merit value.
Fungal specific CD154(+) T-cells have been described as a biomarker in invasive aspergillosis. The influence of sample storage on the detection of these cells was assessed. Six-hour delay prior to PBMC isolation is associated with an 18% decrease of cell viability and alterations of the cellular composition of the sample. This results in 87% reduction of CD154(+) A. fumigatus specific cells due to reduced assay sensitivity and increased background values in unstimulated samples. If prompt cell measurement is not feasible, isolated PBMCs can be frozen (at -20 degrees C and -80 degrees C) and processed later with comparable assay reliability (mean value fresh vs. thawing: 0.126, 0.133; Pearson-Coefficient: 0.962).
Food protein-induced enterocolitis (FPIES) is a non-IgE cell-mediated food allergy that can be severe and lead to shock. Despite the potential seriousness of reactions, awareness of FPIES is low; high-quality studies providing insight into the pathophysiology, diagnosis, and management are lacking; and clinical outcomes are poorly established. This consensus document is the result of work done by an international workgroup convened through the Adverse Reactions to Foods Committee of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology and the International FPIES Association advocacy group. These are the first international evidence-based guidelines to improve the diagnosis and management of patients with FPIES. Research on prevalence, pathophysiology, diagnostic markers, and future treatments is necessary to improve the care of patients with FPIES. These guidelines will be updated periodically as more evidence becomes available.
The diagnosis of food allergy is challenging due to different immunologic mechanisms and diversity of symptoms. An open or double-blinded oral food challenge (OFC) was performed on 391 children (aged 0.2-16.9 years) with suspected cow's milk (n = 266) or wheat allergy (n = 125) to characterize immediate, delayed, and transient symptoms, and to evaluate the role of earlier food-related symptoms and immunoglobulin E (IgE)-[pmediated sensitization for the OFC outcome. The OFC resulted in an immediate positive reaction in 38% (n = 148) and a delayed positive reaction in 21% (n = 81) of the 391 children. Transient reactions, the majority of which were localized skin reactions, were seen in almost third (n = 50) of the patients with a negative OFC result (n = 162/391). Immediate localized skin reactions were more common during the milk challenge (p = 0.010), whereas immediate lower respiratory tract symptoms (p = 0.001) were more common during the wheat challenge. Although 14% (n = 21) of those with an immediate reaction received i.m. adrenalin as a treatment of the reaction, there were no life-threatening events. Multivariate analyses revealed that independent risk factors for the immediate OFC outcome were earlier moderate-to-severe immediate food-related reactions, marked IgE-mediated sensitization to the suspected food, and in case of wheat, age <12 months. The accuracy of OFCs can be enhanced without increasing the risk of serious allergic reactions by taking into account earlier food-related symptoms and the level of IgE-mediated sensitization, by refining our knowledge of transient nonspecific reactions, and by applying standardized OFC protocols with over-one-day challenges.
In order to gain mechanistic insights into multiple sclerosis (MS) pathogenesis, we utilized a multi-dimensional approach to test the hypothesis that mutations in myelin proteins lead to immune activation and central nervous system autoimmunity in MS. Mass spectrometry-based proteomic analysis of human MS brain lesions revealed seven unique mutations of PLP1; a key myelin protein that is known to be destroyed in MS. Surprisingly, in-depth genomic analysis of two MS patients at the genomic DNA and mRNA confirmed mutated PLP1 in RNA, but not in the genomic DNA. Quantification of wild type and mutant PLP RNA levels by qPCR further validated the presence of mutant PLP RNA in the MS patients. To seek evidence linking mutations in abundant myelin proteins and immune-mediated destruction of myelin, specific immune response against mutant PLP1 in MS patients was examined. Thus, we have designed paired, wild type and mutant peptide microarrays, and examined antibody response to multiple mutated PLP1 in sera from MS patients. Consistent with the idea of different patients exhibiting unique mutation profiles, we found that 13 out of 20 MS patients showed antibody responses against specific but not against all the mutant-PLP1 peptides. Interestingly, we found mutant PLP-directed antibody response against specific mutant peptides in the sera of pre-MS controls. The results from integrative proteomic, genomic, and immune analyses reveal a possible mechanism of mutation-driven pathogenesis in human MS. The study also highlights the need for integrative genomic and proteomic analyses for uncovering pathogenic mechanisms of human diseases.
The identification of an antigenic epitope by the immune system allows for the understanding of the protective mechanism of neutralizing antibodies that may facilitate the development of vaccines and peptide drugs. Peptide scanning is a simple and efficient method that straightforwardly maps the linear epitope recognized by a monoclonal antibody (mAb). Here, the authors present an epitope determination methodology involving serially truncated recombinant proteins, synthetic peptide design, and dot-blot hybridization for the antigenic recognition of nervous necrosis virus coat protein using a neutralizing mAb. This technique relies on the dot-blot hybridization of synthetic peptides and mAbs on a polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) membrane. The minimum antigenic region of a viral coat protein recognized by the RG-M56 mAb can be narrowed down by step-by-step trimmed peptide mapping onto a 6-mer peptide epitope. In addition, alanine scanning mutagenesis and residue substitution can be performed to characterize the binding significance of each amino acid residue making up the epitope. The residues flanking the epitope site were found to play critical roles in peptide conformation regulation. The identified epitope peptide may be used to form crystals of epitope peptide-antibody complexes for an x-ray diffraction study and functional competition, or for therapeutics.
BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether allergen immunotherapy (AIT) can be safely initiated during the pollen season (coseasonal initiation [CSI]) because of a potential increased risk of systemic allergic reactions. OBJECTIVE: To systematically review publications reporting the safety of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) CSI to validate or invalidate the perception of increased safety risk. METHODS: PubMed, EMBASE, Ovid, Literatura Latino Americana em Ciencias da Saude (LILACS), and Cochrane Library databases were searched without limits for studies of any design reporting SCIT or SLIT CSI for pollen allergen. Congress abstracts were included. RESULTS: Nineteen eligible studies were identified: 8 SCIT (n = 947 subjects total; n[340 double-blind placebo-controlled [DBPC]) and 11 SLIT (n = 2668 subjects total; n = 565 DBPC). Study characteristics and safety reporting were heterogeneous. No epinephrine administrations were reported. Discontinuation frequencies were 6% or less and 10% or less with SCIT and SLIT CSI, respectively. In SCIT studies, systemic allergic reaction frequency was 0% to 7% with "up to peak season" or CSI, 0% to 6% with "after peak season" or out-of-season initiation, and 0% to 7% with placebo. In SCIT studies, serious treatment-related adverse event (AE) frequency with CSI ranged from 0% to 2%; few severe AEs were reported. In SLIT studies, systemic allergic reaction frequency ranged from 0% to 4% with CSI, 0% with out-of-season initiation, and 0% to 2% with placebo. Overall, 2 serious treatment-related AEs with SLIT CSI were reported. Severe AE frequency in SLIT studies ranged from 0% to 8% with CSI, 0% to 12% with out-of-season initiation, and 0% to 8% with placebo. CONCLUSIONS: No increase in AEs of concern was observed with SCIT or SLIT CSI; however, additional data with standardized regimens and doses are needed. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology
BACKGROUND: Home-based interventions to improve indoor air quality have demonstrated benefits for asthma morbidity, yet little is known about the effect of environmental interventions in the school setting. OBJECTIVE: We piloted the feasibility and effectiveness of a classroom-based air cleaner intervention to reduce particulate pollutants in classrooms of children with asthma. METHODS: In this pilot randomized controlled trial, we assessed the effect of air cleaners on indoor air particulate pollutant concentrations in 18 classrooms (9 control, 9 intervention) in 3 urban elementary schools. We enrolled 25 children with asthma (13 control, 12 intervention) aged 6 to 10 years. Classroom air pollutant measurements and spirometry were completed once before and twice after randomization. Asthma symptoms were surveyed every 3 months. RESULTS: Baseline classroom levels of fine particulate matter (particulate matter with diameter of <2.5 mu m [PM2.5]) and black carbon (BC) were 6.3 and 0.41 mu g/m(3), respectively. When comparing the intervention to the control group, classroom PM2.5 levels were reduced by 49% and 42% and BC levels were reduced by 58% and 55% in the first and second follow-up periods, respectively (P<.05 for all comparisons). When comparing the children randomized to intervention and control classrooms, there was a modest improvement in peak flow, but no significant changes in forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and asthma symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: In this pilot study, a classroom-based air cleaner intervention led to significant reductions in PM2.5 and BC. Future large-scale studies should comprehensively evaluate the effect of school-based environmental interventions on pediatric asthma morbidity. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology
In the study of host pathogen interactions, vaccines and drug delivery, particulate delivery system are widely used to mimic pathogen size, pattern recognition receptor agonist presentation, and target cells or organs. However, some of the polymeric systems used in particulate delivery have inherent inflammatory properties that are variable and nonspecific. These properties enhance their adjuvant activity, but confound the analysis of signaling mechanisms. Here, we present a method for particle coating with minimal background immune activation via passivation of the surface with silica-silane. We show herein that a silica-silane shell passivates polymer particles rendering them inert to activation of innate immune cells. The method is broadly applicable and can be used to coat polymeric particles of many different compositions. This method of silica-silane coating also allows conjugation of amine-bearing agonists and provides for controlled variation of agonist loading. Finally, we demonstrate our particles maintain and enhance qualities of known pathogens, making this a potentially general method for improving immune agonist activity.
NK cell cytotoxicity in Chediak-Higashi syndrome (CHS) is strongly impaired as lytic granules are not released upon NK-target cell contact, contributing to several defects typical of this severe immunodeficiency. Correction of NI(cell defects in CHS should improve the outcome of hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation, proposed as therapy. We investigated NK cell functions in a CHS patient before and after cord-blood transplantation, and the ability of in vitro IL-2 treatment to restore them. Before the transplant, the strong defect in NK cell-mediated natural and antibody-dependent cytotoxicity, as well as in IFN-gamma production, could be restored up to normal levels by in vitro IL-2 treatment. This cytokine also caused the appearance of smaller lysosomal granules and their orientation towards the NK-target cell contact area, thus suggesting that IL-2 had a more general capacity to restore NK cell effector functions. Moreover after the transplant, although the successful engraftment, NK cell cytotoxicity resulted still partially impaired at one year, almost normal at ten years and, anyhow, fully recovered by in vitro IL-2 treatment. Taken together, our results indicate that IL-2 had a wide capacity to restore NK cell effector functions, being able to reverse the altered cytotoxic activity, lytic granule pattern, and cytokine production observed in the CHS patient. (C) 2016 European Federation of Immunological Societies. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Determining individual health status is of great importance for a better understanding of life history trade-offs between growth, reproduction, and maintenance. However, existing immunological methods are invasive and therefore not suitable for investigating health status in wild populations. Thus, there is an urgent need for non-invasive methods to assess the immune status of animals. Neopterin is involved in the cell-mediated pathway of the immune response (Th1-type), secreted during the activation of monocytes and macrophages. We investigated if urinary neopterin could serve as a biomarker of health status in bonobos and chimpanzees. First, we performed a chemical validation of a commercial neopterin enzyme immune assay (EIA) for bonobo and chimpanzee urine. We then examined if urinary neopterin levels in bonobos increase during the acute period of respiratory infections. We found that neopterin levels can be reliably measured in urine of the two species with a commercial EIA. Stability experiments revealed considerable changes in urinary neopterin levels in relation to multiple freezethaw cycles and extended exposure to room temperature. Exposure to sunlight led to a degradation of urinary neopterin, whereas sample storage up to two years did not affect urinary neopterin levels. There was no detectable diurnal variation in neopterin levels, and levels remained very stable across several days in healthy individuals. While urinary neopterin levels were independent of sex, nonadult individuals had higher urinary neopterin levels than adults. Most importantly, there was a significant increase in urinary neopterin levels during a period of respiratory infection. Our results demonstrate that regular urine sample collection would allow for the monitoring of individual health status and disease progression with minimal disturbance of the subjects. In combination with behavioral, life history, and endocrinological parameters, the method can be used to investigate questions related to immunocompetence handicaps or life history trade-offs.
IgE-associated allergic diseases belong to the most common inflammatory conditions. Their clinical manifestation ranges from mild symptoms to life-threatening episodes. Often patients experience a reduction in physical and psychologic well-being and suffer from a decreased quality of life due to disease activity. The continuously rising number of people that are affected by an allergic condition indicates an urgent need for better diagnostics and more efficient treatment options. Recent progress in the understanding of pathophysiologic mechanisms underlying IgE-associated allergic disorders has led to the identification of novel therapeutic targets and the development of drug candidates that are currently under evaluation. In this review, we highlight studies and clinical trials, which have helped to gain further insight in the etiology of IgE-associated allergic conditions as well as advances in the development of diagnostic tools and therapeutic approaches recently published in Allergy (European Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology).
BACKGROUND: Current US guidelines recommend the Asthma Control Test (ACT) for assessing disease control and selecting treatment. OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to prospectively assess the ACT and its component questions for their utility in predicting the risk of severe asthma exacerbations. METHODS: Individuals were participants in the Study of Asthma Phenotypes and Pharmacogenomic Interactions by Race-Ethnicity, and those included in the current analysis had the following characteristics: age 18 years or more, physiciandiagnosed asthma, and longitudinal care received at a large health system in southeastern Michigan. Study participants underwent a baseline evaluation, which included answering the ACT. A severe asthma exacerbation was defined as one requiring oral steroids, an emergency department visit, or inpatient admission. Receiver-operator characteristic curves were used to measure and compare the predictive utility of the ACT and its component questions for severe asthma exacerbations. RESULTS: Of 1180 participants, 354 (30.0%) experienced a severe asthma exacerbation within 6 months of their baseline evaluation. When compared with the individual questions that composed the ACT, the composite score was significantly better at predicting severe exacerbations with 1 exception; the composite ACT score and the question assessing rescue medication use were not significantly different (P =.580). Pharmacy-based records of metereddose inhaler short-acting beta-agonist use and asthma severity were also not significantly different from the composite ACT score. CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrates that although the ACT is modestly predictive for exacerbations, the composite score may not be superior to assessing rescue medication use alone for predicting the risk of severe asthma exacerbations. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Since the early beginnings, in the 1950s, hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) has become an established curative treatment for an increasing number of patients with life-threatening hematological, oncological, hereditary, and immunological diseases. This has become possible due to worldwide efforts of preclinical and clinical research focusing on issues of transplant immunology, reduction of transplant-associated morbidity, and mortality and efficient malignant disease eradication. The latter has been accomplished by potent graft-versus-leukemia (GvL) effector cells contained in the stem cell graft. Exciting insights into the genetics of the human leukocyte antigen (HLA) system allowed improved donor selection, including HLA-identical related and unrelated donors. Besides bone marrow, other stem cell sources like granulocyte-colony stimulating-mobilized peripheral blood stem cells and cord blood stem cells have been established in clinical routine. Use of reduced-intensity or non-myeloablative conditioning regimens has been associated with a marked reduction of non-hematological toxicities and eventually, non-relapse mortality allowing older patients and individuals with comorbidities to undergo allogeneic HSCT and to benefit from GvL or antitumor effects. Whereas in the early years, malignant disease eradication by high-dose chemotherapy or radiotherapy was the ultimate goal; nowadays, allogeneic HSCT has been recognized as cellular immunotherapy relying prominently on immune mechanisms and to a lesser extent on non-specific direct cellular toxicity. This chapter will summarize the key milestones of HSCT and introduce current developments.
Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules present antigenic peptides to cytotoxic T cells. During an adaptive immune response, MHC molecules are regulated by several mechanisms including lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and interferon gamma (IFN-g). However, it is unclear whether the serine protease cathepsin G (CatG), which is generally secreted by neutrophils at the site of inflammation, might regulate MHC I molecules. We identified CatG, and to a higher extend CatG and lactoferrin (LF), as an exogenous regulator of cell surface MHC I expression of immune cells and glioblastoma stem cells. In addition, levels of MHC I molecules are reduced on dendritic cells from CatG deficient mice compared to their wild type counterparts. Furthermore, cell surface CatG on immune cells, including T cells, B cells, and NK cells triggers MHC I on THP-1 monocytes suggesting a novel mechanism for CatG to facilitate intercellular communication between infiltrating cells and the respective target cell. Subsequently, our findings highlight the pivotal role of CatG as a checkpoint protease which might force target cells to display their intracellular MHC I: antigen repertoire.
Sialic acid sugars that terminate cell-surface glycans form the ligands for the sialic acid binding immunoglobulin-like lectin (Siglec) family, which are immunomodulatory receptors expressed by immune cells. Interactions between sialic acid and Siglecs regulate the immune system, and aberrations contribute to pathologies like autoimmunity and cancer. Sialic acid/Siglec interactions between living cells are difficult to study owing to a lack of specific tools. Here, we report a glycoengineering approach to remodel the sialic acids of living cells and their binding to Siglecs. Using bioorthogonal chemistry, a library of cells with more than sixty different sialic acid modifications was generated that showed dramatically increased binding toward the different Siglec family members. Rational design reduced cross-reactivity and led to the discovery of three selective Siglec-5/14 ligands. Furthermore, glyco-engineered cells carrying sialic acid ligands for Siglec-3 dampened the activation of Siglec-3(+) monocytic cells through the NF-kappa B and IRF pathways.
Thymic atrophy occurs during infection being associated with apoptosis of double positive (DP) and premature exit of DP and double negative (DN) thymocytes. We observed for the first time that a significant bone marrow aplasia and a decrease in common lymphoid progenitors (CLPs) preceded thymic alterations in mice infected with Trypanosoma cruzi. In addition, depletion of the DN2 stage was previous to the DN1, indicating an alteration in the differentiation from DN1 to DN2 thymocytes. Interestingly, infected mice deficient in IL-6 expression showed higher numbers of DP and CD4(+) thymocytes than wild type infected mice, while presenting similar percentages of DN1 thymocytes. Moreover, the drop in late differentiation stages of DN thymocytes was partially abrogated in comparison with wild type littermates. Thus, our results suggest that thymic atrophy involves a drop in CLPs production in bone marrow and IL-6-dependent and independent mechanisms that inhibits the differentiation of DN thymocytes.
Objective: Long-term prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) remains poor owing to the lack of treatment options for advanced HCC. Cytokine-induced killer (CIK) cells are ex vivo expanded T lymphocytes expressing both NK- and T-cell markers. CIK cell therapy alone is insufficient for treating advanced HCC. Thus, this study aimed to determine whether treatment with CIK cells combined with valproic acid (VPA) could provide a synergistic effect to inhibit tumor growth in a mouse model of HCC. Methods: Upregulation of natural killer group 2D (NKG2D) ligands (retinoic acid early inducible 1 [RAE-1], mouse; major histocompatibility complex class I polypeptide-related sequence A [MIC-A], human) were evaluated by FACS. VPA concentrations that did not reduce tumor volume were calculated to avoid VPA cytotoxicity in a C3H mouse model of HCC. CIK cells were generated from mouse splenocytes using interferon gamma, a CD3 monoclonal antibody, and interleukin 2. The potential synergistic effect of CIK cells combined with VPA was evaluated in the mouse model and tissue pathology was investigated. Results: After 40h of incubation with VPA, RAE-1 and MIC-A expression were increased in 4 HCC cell lines compared with that in control (2.3-fold in MH-134, 2.4-fold in Huh-7, 3.7-fold in SNU-761, and 6.5-fold in SNU-475). The maximal in vivo VPA dosage that showed no significant cytotoxicity compared with control was 10mg/kg/day. CIK cells were well generated from C3H mouse splenocytes. After 7d of treatment with CIK cells plus VPA, a synergistic effect was observed on relative tumor volume in the mouse model of HCC. While the relative tumor volume in untreated control mice increased to 11.25, that in the combination treatment group increased to only 5.20 (P = 0.047). Conclusions: The VPA-induced increase in NKG2D ligands expression significantly enhanced the effects of CIK cell therapy in a mouse model of HCC.
Unresolved experimental Lyme arthritis in C3H (5-LOX)(-/-) mice is associated with impaired macrophage phag-ocytosis of Borrelia burgdorferi. In the present study, we further investigated the effects of the 5-LOX metabolite, (LT)B-4, on phagocytosis of B. burgdorferi. Bone marrow-derived macrophages (BMDM) from 5-LOX-/- mice were defective in the uptake and killing of B. burgdorferi from the earliest stages of spirochete internali-zation. BMDM from mice deficient for the LTB4 high-affinity receptor (BLT1(-/-)) were also unable to efficiently phagocytose B. burgdorferi. Addition of exogenous LTB4 augmented the phagocytic capability of BMDM from both 5-LOX-/- and BLT1(-/-) mice, suggesting the low-affinity LTB4 receptor, BLT2, might be involved. Blocking BLT2 activity with the specific antagonist, LY255283, inhibited phagocytosis in LTB4-stimulated BLT1(-/-) BMDM, demonstrating a role for BLT2. However, the lack of a phagocytic defect in BLT2(-/-) BMDM suggested this was a compensatory effect. In contrast, 12-HHT, a natural BLT2-specific high-affinity ligand, and RvE1, a BLT1 agonist, were both unable to boost phagocytosis in BMDM from either 5-LOX-/- or BLT1(-/-) mice, suggesting a specific role for LTB4 in mediating phagocytosis in murine macrophages. This study demonstrates LTB4 promotes macrophage phagocytosis of bacteria via BLT1, and that BLT2 can fulfil this role in the absence of BLT1.
For at least a century, a debate has continued as to whether cancer risk is reduced in schizophrenia. Genetic studies have also suggested the 2 conditions may share protein transcriptional pathways. The author predicted that if the pathophysiology of schizophrenia confers protection from cancer, then the immunology of schizophrenia should reflect a state of tumor suppression, ie, the opposite of tumor escape. To examine this possibility, the author performed a literature search for measurements of cytokines in drug-na < ve first episode subjects with schizophrenia for comparison with cytokine expression in tumor escape vs tumor suppression. The comparison showed that instead of either tumor suppression or escape, schizophrenia appears to be in a state of tumor equilibrium. Based on this finding, the author hypothesized that the clinical presentation of schizophrenia may involve cell transformation similar to an early stage of cancer initiation or an attenuated tumorigenesis. While this condition could reflect the presence of an actual tumor such as an ovarian teratoma causing anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, it would only explain a small percentage of cases. To find a more likely tumor model, the author then compared the cytokine profile of schizophrenia to individual cancers and found the best match was melanoma. To demonstrate the viability of the theory, the author compared the hallmarks, emerging hallmarks, and enabling characteristics of melanoma to schizophrenia and found that many findings in schizophrenia are understood if schizophrenia is a condition of attenuated tumorigenesis.
Most broadly neutralizing antibodies (BNAbs) elicited in response to HIV-1 infection are extraordinarily mutated. One goal of HIV-1 vaccine development is to induce antibodies that are similar to the most potent and broad BNAbs isolated from infected subjects. The most effective BNAbs have very high mutation frequencies, indicative of the long periods of continual activation necessary to acquire the BNAb phenotype through affinity maturation. Understanding the mutational patterns that define the maturation pathways in BNAb development is critical to vaccine design efforts to recapitulate through vaccination the successful routes to neutralization breadth and potency that have occurred in natural infection. Studying the mutational changes that occur during affinity maturation, however, requires accurate partitioning of sequence data into B-cell clones and identification of the starting point of a B-cell clonal lineage, the initial V(D)J rearrangement. Here, we describe the statistical framework we have used to perform these tasks. Through the recent advancement of these and similar computational methods, many HIV-1 ancestral antibodies have been inferred, synthesized and their structures determined. This has allowed, for the first time, the investigation of the structural mechanisms underlying the affinity maturation process in HIV-1 antibody development. Here, we review what has been learned from this atomic-level structural characterization of affinity maturation in HIV-1 antibodies and the implications for vaccine design.
Harnessing the immune system to fight cancer is an exciting advancement in lung cancer therapy. Antitumor immunity can be augmented by checkpoint blockade therapy, which removes the inhibition/brakes imposed on the immune system by the tumor. Checkpoint blockade therapy with anti-programmed cell death protein 1 (anti-PD-1)/anti-programmed death ligand 1 (anti-PDL-1) antibodies causes tumor regression in about 25% of patients with lung cancer. In another approach, the immune system is forced or accelerated to attack the tumor through augmentation of the antitumor response against mutations carried by each lung tumor. This latter approach has become feasible since the advent of next-generation sequencing technology, which allows identification of the specific mutations that each individual lung tumor bears. Indeed lung cancers are now known to have high mutation rates, making them logical targets for mutation-directed immune therapies. We review how sequencing of lung cancer mutations leads to better understanding of how the immune system recognizes tumors, providing improved opportunities to track antitumor immunity and ultimately leading to the development of personalized vaccine strategies aimed at unleashing the host immune system to attack mutations in the tumor.
Recent technological developments in high-dimensional flow cytometry and mass cytometry (CyTOF) have made it possible to detect expression levels of dozens of protein markers in thousands of cells per second, allowing cell populations to be characterized in unprecedented detail. Traditional data analysis by "manual gating" can be inefficient and unreliable in these high-dimensional settings, which has led to the development of a large number of automated analysis methods. Methods designed for unsupervised analysis use specialized clustering algorithms to detect and define cell populations for further downstream analysis. Here, we have performed an up-to-date, extensible performance comparison of clustering methods for high-dimensional flow and mass cytometry data. We evaluated methods using several publicly available data sets from experiments in immunology, containing both major and rare cell populations, with cell population identities from expert manual gating as the reference standard. Several methods performed well, including FlowSOM, X-shift, PhenoGraph, Rclusterpp, and flowMeans. Among these, FlowSOM had extremely fast runtimes, making this method well-suited for interactive, exploratory analysis of large, high-dimensional data sets on a standard laptop or desktop computer. These results extend previously published comparisons by focusing on high-dimensional data and including new methods developed for CyTOF data. R scripts to reproduce all analyses are available from GitHub (https://github.com/lmweber/cytometry-clustering-comparison), and pre-processed data files are available from Flow Repository (FR-FCM-ZZPH), allowing our comparisons to be extended to include new clustering methods and reference data sets. (C) 2016 The Authors. Cytometry Part A published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of ISAC.
Background: Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)-producing bacteria are resistant to several types of antibiotics excluding carbapenems. A transmissibility of ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae would be depending on each bacterial property, however, that has not been elucidated in clinical setting. In this study, we attempted to identify the source of an outbreak of ESBL-producing bacteria in a medical oncology and immunology care unit. Methods: An ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae (ESBL-E) outbreak observed between July 2012 and August 2012 in Kagawa University Hospital was surveyed using various molecular microbiology techniques. We used Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE), PCR-based ESBL gene typing, and direct sequence of ESBL gene as molecular microbiology typing method to distinguish each strain. Results: The typical prevalence of ESBL-E isolation in the unit was 7.0 per month (1.7 per week). The prevalence of ESBL-E isolation during the target research period was 20.0 per month (5.0 per week). In total, 19 isolates (11 K. pneumoniae and 8 E. coli) were obtained from clinical samples, including four control strains (two each of both bacteria), that were physically different from those obtained from other inpatient units in our hospital. Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) for K. pneumoniae (digested by XbaI) produced similar patterns excluding one control strain. PCR classification of the ESBL gene for K. pneumoniae revealed that all strains other than the control strain carried SHV and CTX-M-9. This result was reconfirmed by direct DNA sequencing. Although the outbreak of K. pneumoniae was considered to be "clonal," PFGE and PCR classification of the ESBL genes for E. coli uncovered at least six different "non-clonal" strains possessing individual ESBL gene patterns. According to the result of an antibiogram, the pattern of antimicrobial susceptibility was more variable for K. pneumoniae than for E. coli. Conclusions: Typing by PFGE and ESBL gene PCR analysis is practical for discriminating various organisms. In our cohort, two outbreaks were concomitantly spread with different transmission strategies, namely clonal and non-clonal, in the same unit. This might represent clinical evidence that transmissibility differs according to the type of strain. We speculated that patient-to-patient transmission of ESBL-E occurred according to the properties of each individual strain.
Asthma is a condition that has consistently demonstrated significant health outcome inequalities for minority populations. One approach used for care of patients with asthma is the incorporation of technology for behavioral modification, symptom monitoring, education, and/or treatment decision making. Whether such technological interventions can improve the care of black and inner-city patients is unknown. We reviewed all randomized controlled trial technological interventions from 2000 to 2015 performed in minority populations. A total of 16 articles met inclusion and exclusion criteria; all but 1 was performed in a childhood or adolescent age group. The interventions used MPEG audio layer-3 players, text messaging, computer/Web-based systems, video games, and interactive voice response. Many used tailored content and/or a specific behavior theory. Although the interventions were based on technology, most required additional special staffing. Subject user satisfaction was positive, and improvements were noted in asthma knowledge, medication adherence, asthma symptoms, and quality of life. Unfortunately, health care utilization (emergency department visits and/or hospitalizations) was typically not improved by the interventions. Although no single intervention modality was vastly superior, the computer-based interventions appeared to have the most positive results. In summary, technology-based interventions have a high level of user satisfaction among minority and urban/low-income individuals with asthma, and can improve asthma outcomes. Further large-scale studies are needed to assess whether such interventions can decrease health disparities in asthma. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
In 1972, Sharp et al. described a new autoimmune rheumatic disease that they called MCTD, characterized by overlapping features of SSc, SLE, PM/DM, high levels of anti-U1snRNP and low steroid requirements with good prognosis. MCTD was proposed as a distinct disease. However, soon after the original description, questions about the existence of such a syndrome as well as disputes over the features initially described began to surface. The conundrum of whether MCTD is a distinct disease entity remains controversial. We undertook a literature review, focusing on the articles reporting new data about MCTD published in the last decade, to determine whether any new observations help to answer the conundrum of MCTD. After reviewing recent data, we question whether the term MCTD is appropriately retained, preferring to use the term undifferentiated autoimmune rheumatic disease.
A 24 kDa protein is one of the important components in Haemonchus contortus (barber pole worm) excretory/secretory products (HcESPs), which was shown to have important antigenic function. However, little is known about the immunomodulatory effects of this protein on host cell. In the present study gene encoding 24kDa excretory/secretory protein (HcES-24) was cloned. The recombinant protein of HcES-24 (rHcES-24) was expressed in a histidine-tagged fusion protein soluble form in Escherichia coli. Binding activity of rHcES-24 to goat PBMCs was confirmed by immunofluorescence assay (IFA) and its immunomudulatory effect on cytokine secretion, cell proliferation, cell migration and nitric oxide production were observed by co-incubation of rHcES-24. IFA results revealed that rHcES-24 could bind to the PBMCs. The interaction of rHcES-24 increased the production of IL4, IL10, IL17 and cell migration in dose dependent manner. However, rHcES-24 treatment significantly suppressed the production of IFN gamma, proliferation of the PBMC and Nitric oxide (NO) production. Our findings showed that the rHcES-24 played important regulatory effects on the goat PBMCs.
Patients with decompensated cirrhosis have high morbidity and are commonly hospitalized with acute kidney injury. We examined serum levels of Siglec-7, a transmembrane receptor that regulates immune activity, as a biomarker for mortality in patients with cirrhosis and acute kidney injury. Serum Siglec-7 was measured in hospitalized patients with cirrhosis and acute kidney injury, as well as in reference groups with acute liver injury/acute kidney injury, cirrhosis without acute kidney injury, and sepsis without liver disease. Clinical characteristics and subsequent outcomes were examined using univariate and multivariable analyses according to initial Siglec-7 levels. Primary outcome was death by 90 days. One hundred twenty-eight subjects were included, 92 of which had cirrhosis and acute kidney injury and were used in the primary analysis. Average Model for End-Stage Liver Disease (MELD) score was 24 [95 % CI 23, 26], and serum creatinine was 2.5 [2.2, 2.8] mg/dL at the time Siglec-7 was measured. After adjusting for age and MELD score, high serum Siglec-7 level predicted mortality with a hazard ratio of 1.96 [1.04, 3.69; p = 0.04]. There was no difference in Siglec-7 levels by etiology of AKI (p = 0.24). Addition of serum Siglec-7 to MELD score improved discrimination for 90-day mortality [category-free net reclassification index = 0.38 (p = 0.04); integrated discrimination increment = 0.043 (p = 0.04)]. Serum Siglec-7 was associated with increased mortality among hospitalized patients with cirrhosis and acute kidney injury. Addition of Siglec-7 to MELD score may increase discrimination to predict 90-day mortality.
According to the Brazilian Association of Organ Transplants, in 2015, 19,408 bone transplants were performed in Brazil, over 90% by Dental Surgeons. The surgical technique itself has a respectable number of reports regarding its clinical efficacy, as measured by long-term survival of dental implants in grafted areas. Uncertainty remains, however, as to whether fresh frozen grafts from human bone donors remain immunologically innocuous in the body of the host. Six male with no previous medical history of note, including systemic diseases, surgery or blood transfusion were selected. These patients underwent reconstructive procedures (sinus lifting) using fresh frozen human bone from a tissue bank. All patients had venous blood samples collected prior to surgery and 6 months after the procedure. Anti-HLA analysis for the detection of HLA(human leukocyte antigen) antibodies was performed using methods such as the LAB Screen PRA Class I and Class II, LAB Screen Single Antigen Class I and Class II, Luminex Platform. Reactive individuals to the screening tests (LAB Screen PRA) were further investigated to determine the specificity of the antibodies detected (LAB Screen Single Antigen) with a cutoff value of median fluorescence intensity >= 500. As a result, it was observed that two patients (33%) were positive in screening tests, one presenting with anti-HLA Class I and II sensitization and the other with anti-HLA class II. The specificity analysis showed that the patients sensitized to HLA class II presented 4 specificities, 3 of which immunologically relevant. In the second individual, 23 specificities were identified, 6 of which immunologically important for HLA class I and 4 specificities for HLA class II, 3 of these were immunologically important. All specificities detected had average fluorescence. These findings are suggestive that sinus-lifting procedures with allogeneic bone can induce immunological sensitization.
The complement system is a major pillar of the humoral innate immune system. As a first line of defense against pathogens, it mediates early inflammatory response and links different branches of humoral and cellular immunity. Disorders affecting the exocrine pancreas, such as acute pancreatitis, potentially lead to a life-threatening systemic inflammatory response with aberrant activation of complement and coagulation cascades. Pancreatic proteases can activate key effectors of the complement system, which in turn drive local and systemic inflammation. Beyond that, the extent of pancreas-complement interaction covers complex pro-and anti-inflammatory mechanisms, which to this day remain to be fully elucidated. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the pathophysiological role of complement in diseases of the exocrine pancreas, based on existing experimental and clinical data. Participation of complement in acute and chronic pancreatitis is addressed, as well as its role in tumor immunology. Therapeutic strategies targeting complement in these diseases have long been proposed but have not yet arrived in the clinical setting.
A live-attenuated malaria vaccine, Plasmodium falciparum sporozoite vaccine (PfSPZ Vaccine), confers sterile protection against controlled human malaria infection (CHMI) with Plasmodium falciparum (Pf) parasites homologous to the vaccine strain up to 14 mo after final vaccination. No injectable malaria vaccine has demonstrated long-term protection against CHMI using Pf parasites heterologous to the vaccine strain. Here, we conducted an open-label trial with PfSPZ Vaccine at a dose of 9.0 x 10(5) PfSPZ administered i.v. three times at 8-wk intervals to 15 malaria-naive adults. After CHMI with homologous Pf parasites 19 wk after final immunization, nine (64%) of 14 (95% CI, 35-87%) vaccinated volunteers remained without parasitemia compared with none of six nonvaccinated controls (P = 0.012). Of the nine nonparasitemic subjects, six underwent repeat CHMI with heterologous Pf7G8 parasites 33 wk after final immunization. Five (83%) of six (95% CI, 36-99%) remained without parasitemia compared with none of six nonvaccinated controls. PfSPZ- specific T-cell and antibody responses were detected in all vaccine recipients. Cytokine production by T cells from vaccinated subjects after in vitro stimulation with homologous (NF54) or heterologous (7G8) PfSPZ were highly correlated. Interestingly, PfSPZ-specific T-cell responses in the blood peaked after the first immunization and were not enhanced by subsequent immunizations. Collectively, these data suggest durable protection against homologous and heterologous Pf parasites can be achieved with PfSPZ Vaccine. Ongoing studies will determine whether protective efficacy can be enhanced by additional alterations in the vaccine dose and number of immunizations.
Background: Exercise immunology has become a growing field in the past 20 years, with an emphasis on understanding how different forms of exercise affect immune function. Mechanistic studies are beginning to shed light on how exercise may impair the development of cancer or be used to augment cancer treatment. The beneficial effects of exercise on the immune system may be exploited to improve patient responses to cancer immunotherapy. Methods: We investigated the effects of acute exercise on the composition of peripheral blood leukocytes over time in a male population of varying fitness. Subjects performed a brief maximal intensity cycling regimen and a longer less intense cycling regimen at separate visits. Leukocytes were measured by multi-parameter flow cytometry of more than 50 immunophenotypes for each collection sample. Results: We found a differential induction of leukocytosis dependent on exercise intensity and duration. Cytotoxic natural killer cells demonstrated the greatest increase (average of 5.6 fold) immediately post-maximal exercise whereas CD15(+) granulocytes demonstrated the largest increase at 3 h post-maximal exercise (1.6 fold). The longer, less intense endurance exercise resulted in an attenuated leukocytosis. Induction of leukocytosis did not differ in our limited study of active (n = 10) and sedentary (n = 5) subjects to exercise although we found that in baseline samples, sedentary individuals had elevated percentages of CD45RO(+) memory CD4(+) T cells and elevated proportions of CD4(+) T cells expressing the negative immune regulator programmed death-1 (PD-1). Finally, we identified several leukocytes whose presence correlated with obesity related fitness parameters. Conclusions: Our data suggests that leukocytes subsets are differentially mobilized into the peripheral blood and dependent on the intensity and duration of exercise. Pre-existing compositional differences of leukocytes were associated with various fitness parameters.
Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is characterized by the proliferation of immature myeloid lineage blasts. Due to its heterogeneity and to the high rate of acquired drug resistance and relapse, new treatment strategies are needed. Here, we demonstrate that IFN promotes AML blasts to act as effector cells within the context of antibody therapy. Treatment with IFN drove AML blasts toward a more differentiated state, wherein they showed increased expression of the M1-related markers HLA-DR and CD86, as well as of FcRI, which mediates effector responses to therapeutic antibodies. Importantly, IFN was able to up-regulate CD38, the target of the therapeutic antibody daratumumab. Because the antigen (CD38) and effector receptor (FcRI) were both simultaneously up-regulated on the AML blasts, we tested whether IFN treatment of the AML cell lines THP-1 and MV4-11 could stimulate them to target one another after the addition of daratumumab. Results showed that IFN significantly increased daratumumab-mediated cytotoxicity, as measured both by Cr-51 release and lactate dehydrogenase release assays. We also found that the combination of IFN and activation of FcR led to the release of granzyme B by AML cells. Finally, using a murine NSG model of subcutaneous AML, we found that treatment with IFN plus daratumumab significantly attenuated tumor growth. Taken together, these studies show a novel mechanism of daratumumab-mediated killing and a possible new therapeutic strategy for AML.
Since the discovery of the first mammalian microRNA (miRNA) more than two decades ago, a plethora of miRNAs has been identified in humans, now amounting to more than 2500. Essential for post-transcriptional regulation of gene networks integral for developmental pathways and immune response, it is not surprising that dysregulation of miRNAs is often associated with the aetiology of complex diseases including cancer, diabetes and autoimmune disorders. Despite massive expansion of small RNA studies and extensive investigation in diverse disease contexts, the role of miRNAs in type 1 diabetes has only recently been explored. Key studies using human islets have recently implicated virus-induced miRNA dysregulation as a pivotal mechanism of beta cell destruction, while the interplay between miRNAs, the immune system and beta cell survival has been illustrated in studies using animal and cellular models of disease. The role of specific miRNAs as major players in immune system homeostasis highlights their exciting potential as therapeutics and prognostic biomarkers of type 1 diabetes.
Neoantigen is a patient-specific tumor antigen resulted from mutations during oncogenesis. Emerging data suggested that immune responsiveness against neoantigens correlated with the success of clinical tumor immunotherapies. Nowadays, the majority of studies on neoantigens have focused on MHC class I restricted antigens recognized by CD8+ T cells. With improved understanding of the underlying principles of tumor biology and immunology, increasing emphasis has been put on CD4+ T cells and MHC class II restricted antigens. MHC class II restricted neoantigen has the potential to be a promising target of tumor immunotherapy, although the limited comprehension and technical difficulties need to be overcome before being applied into clinical practice. This review discussed the immunologic mechanism, screening technique, clinical application, limitations and prospectives of MHC class II restricted neoantigens in tumor immunotherapy. CD (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Polymeric nanoparticulate carriers play an important role and holding a significant potential for the development of novel immunomodulatory agents as easily they are taken up by antigen presenting cells. They allow an enhanced antigen stability, better immunogenicity and immunostimulatory effect with sustained and controlled release of the antigen to the target sites. Better information and vital understanding of mechanism of action, interaction of such vectors with the APCs and dendritic cells and antigen release kinetics in immunomodulatory effects, and improved knowledge of their in vivo fate and distribution are now needed, those collectively would speed up the rational strategies of nanoparticles as carriers for vaccines and other protein antigens. The evolution of such innovative adjuvants for protein and DNA immunizations are an exciting and growing zone in immunology, which may enhance the clinical outcomes in many infectious and non-infectious diseases. This review summarizes the recent advances in nano-vaccinology with polymeric (especially biodegradable) carriers, their methods of preparation, surface modification, their interaction with antigen presenting cells, release of antigens, its kinetics and mechanism in the delivery of vaccines via non-invasive routes.
Chronic organochlorine (OC) exposure has been shown to cause immune impairment in numerous vertebrate species. To determine if elasmobranchs exhibited compromised immunity due to high OC contamination along the coastal mainland of southern California, innate immune function was compared in round stingrays (Urobatis halleri) collected from the mainland and Santa Catalina Island. Proliferation and phagocytosis of peripheral blood, splenic, and epigonal leukocytes were assessed. Percent phagocytosis and mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) were evaluated by quantifying % leukocytes positive for, and relative amounts of ingested fluorescent E. coli BioParticles. Total cell proliferation differed between sites, with mainland rays having a higher cell concentration in whole blood. Sigma PCB load explained significantly higher % phagocytosis in blood of mainland rays, while Sigma PCB and Sigma pesticide loads described increased splenic % phagocytosis and MFI in the mainland population. Data provides evidence of strong OC-correlated immunostimulation; however, other site-specific environmental variables may be contributing to the observed effects. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Human parvovirus B19 (B19) is harmful during pregnancy since it can be vertically transmitted to the developing fetus. In addition, the anti-B19 antibodies induced by B19 infection are believed to have a cytopathic role in B19 transmission; however, knowledge regarding the effects of anti-B19 antibodies during pregnancy is limited. To investigate the possible roles of anti-B19 antibodies during pregnancy, the present study examined the effects of anti-B19-VP1 unique region (VP1u), anti-B19-VP2 and anti-B19-nonstructural protein 1 (NS1) immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies on BeWo trophoblasts. Briefly, BeWo trophoblasts were incubated with purified IgG against B19-VP1u, B19-VP2 and B19-NS1. Subsequently, the expression of surface proteins and apoptotic molecules were assessed in BeWo trophoblasts using flow cytometry, ELISA and western blotting. The expression levels of human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-G were significantly increased on BeWo trophoblasts treated with rabbit anti-B19-VP1u IgG, and were unchanged in those treated with rabbit anti-B19-NS1 and anti-B19-VP2 IgG, as compared with the control group. Furthermore, the expression levels of globoside (P blood group antigen) and cluster of differentiation (CD) 29 (beta 1 integrin) were significantly increased in BeWo trophoblasts treated with rabbit anti-B19-NS1 and anti-B19-VP2 IgG, whereas only CD29 was also significantly increased in cells treated with anti-B19-VP1u IgG. In addition, the number of cells at sub-G(1) phase; caspase-3 activity; and the expression of intrinsic and extrinsic apoptotic molecules, including Fas-associated death domain protein, activated caspase-8, activated caspase-3, B-cell lymphoma 2-associated X protein, cytochrome c, apoptotic peptidase activating factor 1 and activated caspase-9, were significantly increased in BeWo trophoblasts treated with anti-B19-VP1u and anti-B19-NS1 IgG. In conclusion, the present study demonstrated that antibodies against B19 may have a crucial role in pathological processes during pregnancy. These findings may help to elucidate the mechanisms underlying transmission of the B19 virus during pregnancy.
BACKGROUND: Characterizing associations between the upper and lower airways is important for asthma management. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to assess the determinants of incomplete asthma control in patients with allergic rhinitis (AR) and asthma. METHODS: Multiple factors including age, sex, atopy, smoking history, medication use, Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) score, FEV1, fraction of exhaled nitric oxide (F-ENO), and rhinitis questionnaire score were examined. AR was defined by rhinitis symptoms and the sensitization to inhaled allergens. ACQ was used to dichotomize the subjects into the incompletely controlled group (ACQ score >= 0.75) and the well-controlled group. The factors that contribute to incomplete asthma control were assessed by a multivariate analysis. RESULTS: A total of 260 patients with AR and asthma were enrolled and 108 patients (42%) were classified as incomplete asthma control. The incompletely controlled group was older (P<.05), and had more airflow limitation, more airway inflammation, and more severe rhinitis symptoms (all P<.001). In contrast, the well-controlled group was more likely to be taking nasal corticosteroids (NCSs) (P<.01). In a multivariate model adjusted by age, asthma treatment, airflow limitation, and FENO, persistence and severity of rhinitis (odds ratio [OR], 2.57; 95% CI, 1.41-4.70, and OR, 2.00; 95% CI, 1.10-3.65) and nonuse of NCSs (OR, 3.83; 95% CI, 1.50-9.81) were independently associated with incomplete asthma control. CONCLUSIONS: The persistence and severity of AR and the use of NCSs were associated with the level of asthma control in patients with AR and asthma. Further studies are required to determine whether appropriate treatment of rhinitis would improve asthma control. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology
In physiological circumstances, various tolerogenic mechanisms support the protection of self-structures during immune responses. However, quantitative and/or qualitative changes in regulatory immune cells and mediators can evoke auto-reactive immune responses, and upon susceptible genetic background, along with the presence of other concomitant etiological factors, autoimmune disease may develop. In transplant immunology, tolerogenic mechanisms are also critical, since the balance between of alloantigen-reactive effector cells and the regulatory immune cells will ultimately determine whether a graft is accepted or rejected. Better understanding of the immunological tolerance and the potential modulations of immune regulatory processes are crucial for developing effective therapies in autoimmune diseases as well as in organ transplantation. In this review, we focus on the novel insights regarding the impaired immune regulation and other relevant factors contributing to the development of auto-reactive and graft-reactive immune responses in autoimmune diseases and transplant rejection, respectively. We also address some promising approaches for modification of immune-regulatory processes and tolerogenic mechanisms in autoimmunity and solid organ transplantation, which may be beneficial in future therapeutic strategies. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Medicine Agency and the Food and Drug Administration. Concerning inhalant allergens, the safety of SLIT is overall superior to that of subcutaneous immunotherapy in terms of systemic adverse events. No fatality has been ever reported, and episodes of anaphylaxis were described only exceptionally. Looking at the historical and recent trials, most (>90%) adverse events are "local" and confined to the site of administration. For this reason, a specific grading system has been developed by the World Allergy Organization to classify and describe local adverse events. There is an increasing amount of literature concerning oral desensitization for food allergens, referred to as oral immunotherapy. Also, in this case, local side effects are predominant, although systemic adverse events are more frequent than with inhalant allergens. We review herein the description of local side effects due to SLIT, with a special focus on large trials having a declared sample size calculation. The use of the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities nomenclature for adverse events is mentioned in this context, as recommended by regulatory agencies. It is expected that a uniform classification/grading of local adverse events will improve and harmonize the surveillance and reporting on the safety of SLIT. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology (J Allergy Clin Immunol Pract 2017;5:13-21)
Aberrant T cell immune responses appear central to the development of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). We previously reported that Gaq, the alpha subunit of Gq, regulates T and B cell immune responses, promoting autoimmunity. To address whether Gaq contributes to the pathogenesis of SLE, Gaq mRNA expression was studied using real time-PCR in PBMCs and T cells from SLE patients as well as age- and sex-matched healthy controls. Our results showed that Gaq mRNA expression was decreased in PBMCs and T cells from SLE patients compared to healthy individuals. Correlation analyses showed that Gaq expression in T cells from SLE patients was associated with disease severity (as per SLE Disease Activity Index), the presence of lupus nephritis, and expression of Th1, Th2 and Th17 cytokines. In keeping with clinical results, T-helper cell subsets (Th1, Th2 and Th17) were over-represented in Gaq knockout mice. In addition, Gaq expression in SLE T cells was negatively correlated with the expression of Bcl-2, an anti-apoptotic gene, and positively correlated with the expression of Bax, a pro-apoptotic gene. These data suggest that reduced Gaq levels in T cells may promote enhanced and prolonged T cell activation, contributing to the clinical manifestations of SLE.
Chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) is a hematological cancer, characterized by a reciprocal chromosomal translocation between chromosomes 9 and 22 [t(9;22)], producing the Bcr-Abl oncogene. Tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) represent the standard of care for CML patients and exert a dual mode of action: direct oncokinase inhibition and restoration of effector-mediated immune surveillance, which is rendered dysfunctional in CML patients at diagnosis, prior to TKI therapy. TKIs such as imatinib, and more potent second-generation nilotinib and dasatinib induce a high rate of deep molecular response (DMR, BCR-ABL1 <= 0.01%) in CML patients. As a result, the more recent goal of therapy in CML treatment is to induce a durable DMR as a prelude to successful treatment-free remission (TFR), which occurs in approximately half of all CML patients who cease TKI therapy. The lack of overt relapse in such patients has been attributed to immunological control of CML. In this review, we discuss an immunological timeline to successful TFR, focusing on the immunology of CML during TKI treatment; an initial period of immune suppression, limiting antitumor immune effector responses in newly diagnosed CML patients, linked to an expansion of immature myeloid-derived suppressor cells and regulatory T cells and aberrant expression of immune checkpoint signaling pathways, including programmed death-1/programmed death ligand-1. Commencement of TKI treatment is associated with immune system re-activation and restoration of effector-mediated [natural killer (NK) cell and T cell] immune surveillance in CML patients, albeit with differing frequencies in concert with differing levels of molecular response achieved on TKI. DMR is associated with maximal restoration of immune recovery in CML patients on TKI. Current data suggest a net balance between both the effector and suppressor arms of the immune system, at a minimum involving mature, cytotoxic CD56d"n NK cells may be important in mediating TFR success. However, a major goal remains in CML to identify the most effective pathways to target to maximize an advantageous immune response and promote TFR success.
Background: Psoriasis is mediated by a T helper 17 (Th17) cell inflammatory process. This study describes the changes in serum levels of IL-17, 22 and 23 in patients of psoriasis vulgaris treated with narrow band ultraviolet B (NBUVB).Methods: The serum levels of IL-17, 22 and 23 were compared with a control group (n=30) before and after NBUVB. In addition, post-NBUVB levels were compared with healthy controls. Psoriasis Area Severity Score (PASI) and Body Surface Area scoring were used to evaluate severity of disease.Results: When compared with the non-psoriasis control group, IL-17, 22 and 23 were higher in psoriasis patients (p<0.05, p<0.001, p<0.001, respectively). The serum levels of all three interleukins strongly correlated with severity of disease. Although IL-17, 22 and 23 decreased after NBUVB, decline in IL-17 was not significant after phototherapy as compared to controls (p=0.634). IL-22 and 23 continued to remain elevated post-phototherapy when compared with control group (p<0.05, p<0.0001, respectively).Conclusions: The serum levels of IL-17, 22 and 23 decrease after phototherapy in psoriasis. Post-phototherapy only the IL-17 levels decrease to that of non-psoriasis controls. Our study supports the role of T helper 17 cell specific cytokines in psoriasis and a possible mechanism of action of NBUVB via inhibition of these cytokines.
Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic inflammatory autoimmune disease, and multiple inflammatory cytokines are involved in RA pathogenesis. Interleukin (IL)-18, in particular, has a significant positive correlation with RA. In this study, we investigated the effect of erythroid differentiation regulator 1 (Erdr1), which is negatively regulated by IL-18, in an animal model of inflammatory arthritis, collagen-induced arthritis (CIA) in DBA/1J mice. Treatment of mice with recombinant (r) Erdr1 significantly suppressed the severity of arthritis, histologic features of arthritic tissue, and serum levels of anti-collagen autoantibodies (IgG, IgG1, IgG2a and IgM) in CIA. In addition, IL-18 expression was reduced in the affected synovium of rErdr1-treated mice. Interestingly, Erdr1 treatment suppressed migration in contrast to the pro-migratory effect of IL-18, indicating the therapeutic effects of Erdr1 on CIA through inhibiting synovial fibroblast migration. In addition, Erdr1 inhibited activation of ERK1/2, a key signaling pathway in migration of various cell types. Taken together, these data show that rErdr1 exerts therapeutic effects on RA by inhibiting synovial fibroblast migration, suggesting that rErdr1 treatment might be an effective therapeutic approach for RA.
The immune function of the chicken spleen depends on its different compartments of red and white pulps, but little is known about the mechanism underlying lymphocyte homing towards the different compartments. In the present study, the role of lymphocyte homing in the chicken spleen was investigated during lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stimulation. Morphological analysis demonstrated the cuboidal endothelial cells of the splenic sheathed capillary facilitated the passage of lymphocyte homing to the chicken spleen. The tissue-specific adhesion molecules-vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and mucosal addressin cell adhesion molecule-1 (MADCAM-1) expressed on the sheathed capillary, which suggested the high endothelial venule (HEV)-like vessels of the chicken spleen. Electron microscope analysis showed LPS activated the endothelium of the sheathed capillary and recruited lymphocytes to the chicken spleen. Transferring of 5, 6-carboxyfluorescein diacetate, succinimidyl ester (CFSE) labeled lymphocytes depicted the rout of lymphocyte homing to the compartments of the chicken spleen was from the white pulp to the red pulp. Furthermore, the mRNA and protein levels of adhesion molecular integrin beta 1 and VCAM-1 increased after LPS stimulation. The mechanism underlying the integrin beta 1 and VCAM-1 during LPS stimulation might be associated with the integrin linked kinase (ILK)-dependent regulation of protein kinase B (PKB/AKT). This study firstly shows lymphocyte homing in the chicken spleen after LPS-induced inflammation. These results contribute to our knowledge of comparative immunology and provide a better means for investigating the pharmacological strategies concerning the possible role of lymphocyte homing in inflammation and immunological reactions in infectious disease.
This study evaluated the control of streptococcosis outbreaks in Brazil, isolated from diseased sorubim and identified as Lactococcus garvieae by genetic sequencing. This report determined the potential for lactococcosis control in sorubim Pseudoplatystoma sp. with two vaccines: an aqueous-based, whole-cell inactivated vaccine (bacterin) and an oil-adjuvanted bacterin. Their efficacy was evaluated at 30 days post-vaccination (d.p.v.) by challenge with L. garvieae, and the antibody production response at 15, 30 and 60 d.p.v. and the non-specific immune response were compared amongst treatments. High protection levels (P < 0.05) were achieved with the oil-adjuvanted vaccine with a relative percentage survival value of 81.7% at 30 d.p.v. Additionally, the oil-adjuvanted vaccine increased the immunogenicity of the bacterin as indicated by greater agglutination antibody titres from 15 until 60 d.p.v. This is the first report of a positive effect of vaccine administration on the specific immunity of sorubim, and the study showed that a specific antibody plays an important role in sorubim defence against lactococcosis because the innate immune responses were similar in all of the studied animals. These results demonstrated that oil-adjuvanted vaccine can be an effective alternative for the protection of sorubim from L. garvieae disease.
Background: Probiotic supplementation to women during pregnancy and lactation can modulate breast milk composition, with immune benefits being transferred to their infants. Aim: The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of high-dose probiotic supplementation to women during late pregnancy and lactation on cytokine profile and secretory IgA (sIgA) in breast milk and thus to study if differences in breast milk composition can affect lactoferrin and sIgA levels in stool samples of newborns. The safety of maternal probiotic administration on neonatal growth pattern and gastrointestinal symptoms were also evaluated. Methods: In a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial, 66 women took either the probiotic (n = 33) or a placebo (n = 33) daily. Levels of interleukins (IL-6, IL-10 and IL-1 beta), transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1), and sIgA in breast milk; and the level of sIgA and lactoferrin in newborn stool samples were analyzed at birth and then again at one month of life. Antropometrical evaluation and analysis of gastrointestinal events in newborns was also performed. Results: Probiotic maternal consumption had a significant impact on IL6 mean values in colostrum and on IL10 and TGF-beta 1 mean values in mature breast milk. Fecal sIgA mean values were higher in newborns whose mothers took the probiotic product than in the control group. Probiotic maternal supplementation seems to decrease incidence of infantile colic and regurgitation in infants. Conclusion: High-dose multi-strain probiotic administration to women during pregnancy influences breast milk cytokines pattern and sIgA production in newborns, and seems to improve gastrointestinal functional symptoms in infants.
Background: Mesenchymal stromal cells (MSC) are a major component of the tumor microenvironment in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). MSC display innate and regulatory immunologic functions, very similar to many hematopoietic 'classical' immune cells. Conversion of ATP to immunosuppressive adenosine is an immunosuppressive mechanism utilized by other hematopoietic immune cells. The present study explores the adenosine metabolism of tumor derived MSC in comparison to autologous MSC from non-malignant tissue. Methods: From HNSCC patients (n = 10), paired MSC were generated from tumor tissue (tMSC) and autologous healthy control tissue (cMSC). Differentiation properties and phenotype (CD105, CD73, CD39, CD90, CD26, CD29) were compared by flow cytometry. Production of immunosuppressive adenosine (ADO) by functionally active ectonucleotidases, CD39 and CD73, was determined by luminescence and mass spectrometry. Suppressive activity of ADO was tested in CFSE proliferation assays of isolated T-cells. Plasticity of cMSC was explored after incubation with tumor-cell conditioned media. Results: Differentiation into osteogenic, chondrogenic and adipogenic directions was comparable in tMSC and cMSC. Expression of ectonucleotidases, CD39 and CD73, was decreased in tMSC as compared to corresponding cMSC, which correlated with decreased ATP metabolism in mass spectrometry. Proliferation of CD4(+) T-cells was significantly suppressed by exogenous ADO. Tumor-conditioned medium was unable to down-regulate ADO production in cMSC. Conclusion: We identified MSC of the oropharyngeal mucosa as an important producer of exogenous ADO. In patients with HNSCC, reduced expression of ADO may contribute to excessive inflammation and tumor growth. (C) 2016 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Food restriction affects the activation of the immune system although the metabolic cost associated with mounting such a response has rarely been examined except in model animals. Wild animals are constantly exposed to variations in the availability of food resources and they need to balance their energy budget to fight against pathogens. We examined the effect of food restriction in the fish eating Myotis (Myotis vivesi), a species of bat that experiences periods in which foraging is limited due to ambient conditions. We tested the hypothesis that acute food restriction (similar to 65% restriction for 1 night) would reduce the caloric response to lipopolysaccharidae (LPS) injection compared to bats fed ad libitum. We also measured a proxy for body temperature (T-skin) and expected reduced fever development when food intake was limited. Bats on the restricted diet had similar resting metabolic rate, total caloric cost and Tskin after the LPS challenge than when fed ad libitum. However, there was a delay in the metabolic and pyrogenic responses when bats were on the restricted diet. The effect of acute food restriction in delaying the hyperthermia development in fish eating Myotis might be of importance for its capacity to fight pathogens. Similar to other bats, the fish eating Myotis can fast for several consecutive days by entering torpor and future work is warranted to understand the effect of long periods of food restriction on bat immune response. (C) 2016 Deutsche Gesellschaft fur Saugetierkunde. Published by Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Arctic wildlife can be exposed to high mercury (Hg) levels, and are also naturally exposed to gastrointestinal parasites that can reduce condition and negatively affect reproductive output and/or survival in similar ways. Importantly, both Hg and parasites are increasing in wildlife in some Arctic regions. We studied the northern common eider duck (Somateria mollissima) to explore how Hg in association with both natural levels and experimentally reduced parasitic infections, affect reproduction and survival. Female eiders were measured, banded, and blood sampled to determine blood Hg burdens, prior to breeding. Propensity to nest, clutch size, nest survival, nest attendance, and return rates were assessed in relation to both Hg burden and parasite treatment. Neither reproduction nor return rates of females varied with Hg concentrations, but females arriving late to the colony, or in low body condition, showed increased nesting propensity when given the anti-parasite treatment as compared to placebo treatment. Our results suggest that parasites can play a critical role in decisions to invest in avian breeding annually, particularly among individuals with a late onset to breeding, and in poor condition. Crown Copyright (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Granulomatosis with Polyangiitis (GPA) (formerly known as Wegener's granulomatosis) is a vasculitis of unknown etiology affecting predominantly small- to medium-sized vessels, usually involving the upper and lower respiratory tract and kidneys. Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies are probably the initial cause of the inflammatory process that leads to the typical necrotizing lesions. In this issue of the European Journal of Immunology, Szczeklik etal. [Eur. J. Immunol. 2017. 47: 724-733] report some interesting findings on the possible involvement of T-cell subsets in the pathogenesis of the disease. This prospective study, performed on a large cohort of patients, identifies Th17 lymphocytes as the possible pathogenic subset of GPA, and Treg cells as the possible suppressors of the inflammatory process. These two subsets in peripheral blood could be used as cellular biomarkers of disease activity, and this would result particularly useful in the follow-up of patients once the immunosuppressive treatment has been initiated.
Symptomatic chronic Chagas disease affects up to 40% of patients infected with Trypanosoma cruzi. The lack of reliable early markers of cure after therapy hinders disease management and clinical trials with new drugs. We performed a study with 18 months of follow-up to compare changes in immune parameters and T. cruzi-specific immune responses as surrogate markers of response to therapy between patients treated with benznidazole and untreated patients. This was a pilot, open-label, randomised clinical trial of treatment with benznidazole versus no treatment in patients with indeterminate chronic T. cruzi infection. In both groups we investigated changes in T-cell activation, T-cell subpopulations, regulatory T-cell counts, 16, and sCD14 levels, and T. cruzi-specific immune responses (Th1, Th2, and Th17 responses). Fourteen patients were included in the study (seven in each group). Median age was 35 years (F25-75 31-43), 57% were female, and 93% were Bolivian. Benznidazole was administered at 5 mg/kg/day for 60 days. Three patients discontinued benznidazole owing to adverse reactions and were not evaluated. At the end of the follow-up period, treated patients showed significantly less immune activation and lower regulatory T-cell counts, with an increased Th17 and Thl response. This randomised pilot clinical trial administering benznidazole to patients with indeterminate chronic Chagas disease brings about changes in the adaptive immunity, leading to a general decrease in inflammatory status. This apparently beneficial response could act as the basis for monitoring new antiparasitic drugs. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Transforming Growth Factor (TGF)-beta inhibitors have been in development for decades with the outmost results of being promising candidates. From the latest clinical results at the 2016 ASCO meeting converging evidences suggest that we have moved from promising to effective drug nominees.
Mucosal immunity at the intestinal level is constantly challenged by the presence of external food and microbial antigens and must be kept under strict control to avoid the rise of aberrant inflammation. Among cells of the innate immunity, macrophages expressing the chemokine receptor CX3CR1 are strategically located near the gut epithelial barrier. These cells contribute to the maintenance of homeostasis by producing the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10; however, their role in the control of full blown inflammation and tissue injury is controversial. In this study we investigated mice proficient or deficient for the expression of the CX3CR1 receptor in a model of dextran sulphate sodium (DSS) induced acute colitis. We found that KO mice (CX3CR1(GFP/GFP)) had a more severe disease compared to WT mice (CX3CR1(GFP/+)), both in terms of histological examination of colonic tissues and leukocyte infiltration, with an expansion of macrophages and CD4-Th17 lymphocytes. The expression of several inflammatory mediators (IL-1 beta, IL-6, IFN gamma, iNOS) was also significantly upregulated in KO mice, despite higher IL-10 production. Overall, our study demonstrates that macrophages expressing a functional CX3CR1 receptor have an important and non-redundant role in controlling the abnormal intestinal inflammation that may lead to tissue damage. (C) 2016 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Home health care workers interventions have been implemented in western countries to improve health status of patients with respiratory diseases especially asthma and allergic illnesses. Twenty-six controlled studies dealing with prevention and control of these diseases through home environmental interventions were reviewed. After a comprehensive description of the characteristics of these studies, the effectiveness of each intervention was then evaluated in terms of participants' compliance with the intervention program, improvement of quality of the indoor environment, and finally improvement of health outcomes, in detailed tables. Limitations and biases of the studies are also discussed. Overall, this review aims at giving a toolbox for home health care workers to target the most appropriate measures to improve health status of the patient depending on his and/or her environment and disease. Only a case-by-case approach with achievable measures will warrant the efficacy of home interventions. This review will also provide to the research community a tool to better identify targets to focus in future evaluation studies of home health care workers action. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology (J Allergy Clin Immunol Pract 2017;5:66-79)
Osteopontin (OPN) is a protein, generally considered to play a pro-tumorigenic role, whereas several reports have demonstrated the anti-tumorigenic function of OPN during tumor development. These opposing anti-and pro-tumorigenic functions are not fully understood. Here, we report that host-derived OPN plays an anti-tumorigenic role in the transgenic adenocarcinoma of the mouse prostate (TRAMP) model and a TRAMP tumor transplant model. Tumor suppression mediated by OPN in Rag2(-/-) mice suggests that OPN is dispensable in the adaptive immune response. We found that host-derived OPN enhanced infiltration of natural killer (NK) cells into TRAMP tumors. The requirement of OPN in NK cell migration towards TRAMP cells was confirmed by an ex vivo cell migration assay. In contrast to TRAMP cells, in vivo B16 tumor development was not inhibited by OPN, and B16 tumors did not show OPN-mediated cell recruitment. It is possible that low levels of chemokine expression by B16 cells do not allow OPN to enhance immune cell recruitment. In addition to demonstrating the anti-tumorigenic role of OPN in TRAMP tumor development, this study also suggests that the contribution of OPN to tumor development depends on the type of tumor as well as the source and isoform of OPN.
BACKGROUND: Allergy immunotherapy can result in systemic allergic reactions and even life-threatening anaphylaxis requiring epinephrine administration. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to describe epinephrine use in the clinical trial development programs of 3 rapidly dissolving sublingual immunotherapy tablets (SLITtablets; Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ/ALK, Horsholm, Denmark/Torii Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Tokyo, Japan). METHODS: Data on epinephrine use were collected from 13 timothy grass SLIT-tablet trials (MK-7243; <= 2800 bioequivalent allergen units/75,000 SQ-T dose, n =2497; placebo, n = 2139), 5 short ragweed SLIT-tablet trials (MK-3641; <= 12 Amb a 1-U, n =1725; placebo, n =770), and 11 house dust mite (HDM) SLIT-tablet trials (MK-8237; <= 12 SQ-HDM; n=3930; placebo, n =2246). RESULTS: In grass SLIT-tablet trials, epinephrine was used 13 times (grass SLIT-tablet, n =10; placebo, n =3). Eight administrations were for grass SLIT-tablet-related adverse events (AEs): 4 for systemic allergic reactions and 4 for local mouth and/or throat swelling. In ragweed SLIT-tablet trials, epinephrine was used 9 times in 8 subjects (ragweed SLIT-tablet, n =7; placebo, n =1 =2 administrations for protracted anaphylaxis]). Four administrations were for ragweed SLIT-tablet-related AEs: 1 for systemic allergic reaction and 3 for local mouth and/or pharynx/throat swelling. In HDM SLIT-tablet trials, epinephrine was administered 13 times (HDM SLIT-tablet, n =8; placebo, n =5). Four administrations were for HDM SLITtablet- related AEs: 1 for systemic allergic reaction and 3 for local events. Of the 16 epinephrine administrations for events related to SLIT-tablet treatment, 11 occurred within the first week of treatment (7 administrations on day 1) and 5 were subject self-administered. CONCLUSIONS: Epinephrine administrations in response to SLIT-tablet-related reactions in clinical trials are uncommon, typically occur within the first week of treatment, and are rarely self-administered. All SLIT-tablet-related events treated with epinephrine were nonserious. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology
Canine leishmaniosis (CanL) is caused by the parasite Leishmania infantum and is a systemic disease, which can present with variable clinical signs, and clinicopathological abnormalities. Clinical manifestations can range from subclinical infection to very severe systemic disease. Leishmaniosis is categorized as a neglected tropical disease and the complex immune responses associated with Leishmania species makes therapeutic treatments and vaccine development challenging for both dogs and humans. In this review, we summarize innate and adaptive immune responses associated with L. infantum infection in dogs, and we discuss the problems associated with the disease as well as potential solutions and the future direction of required research to help control the parasite.
Immunology is the science of biological warfare between the defenses of our immune systems and offensive pathogenic microbes and cancers. Over the course of his scientific career, Eckhard R. Podack made several seminal discoveries that elucidated key aspects of this warfare at a molecular level. When Eckhard joined the complement laboratory of Muller-Eberhard in 1974, he was fascinated by two questions: (1) what is the molecular mechanism by which complement kills invasive bacteria? and (2) which one of the complement components is the killer molecule? Eckhard's quest to answer these questions would lead to the discovery C9 and later, two additional pore-forming killer molecules of the immune system. Here is a brief account of how he discovered poly-C9, the pore-forming protein of complement in blood and interstitial fluids: Perforin-1, expressed by natural killer cells and cytotoxic T lymphocytes; and Perforin-2 (MPEG1), expressed by all cell types examined to date. All the three killing systems are crucial for our survival and health.
Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS) is an autoimmune-mediated peripheral neuropathy of unknown cause. However, about a quarter of GBS patients have suffered a recent bacterial or viral infection, and axonal forms of the disease are especially common in these patients. Proteomics is a good methodological approach for the discovery of disease biomarkers. Until recently, most proteomics studies of GBS and other neurodegenerative diseases have focused on the analysis of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). However, serum represents an attractive alternative to CSF because it is easier to sample and has potential for biomarker discovery. The goal of this research was the identification of serum biomarkers associated with recovery from GBS. To address this objective, a quantitative proteomics approach was used to characterize differences in the serum proteome between a GBS patient and her healthy identical twin in order to lessen variations due to differences in genetic background, and with additional serum samples collected from unrelated GBS (N = 3) and Spinal Cord Injury (SCI) (N = 3) patients with similar medications. Proteomics results were then validated by ELISA using sera from additional GBS patients (N = 5) and healthy individuals (N = 3). All GBS and SCI patients were recovering from the acute phase of the disease. The results showed that Piccolo, a protein that is essential in the maintenance of active zone structure, constitutes a potential serological correlate of recovery from GBS. These results provided the first evidence for the Piccolo's putative role in GBS, suggesting a candidate target for developing a serological marker of disease recovery.
To date, the American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) tumor, nodes, metastasis (TNM) classification represents the standard system for evaluation of prognosis in solid tumors. However, the clinical outcome can be significantly different in patients with the same TNM stage. Therefore, many efforts have been made aiming to define new prognostic parameters. Indeed, analyses conducted in large cohorts of colorectal cancer patients emphasized the prognostic value of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes, leading to the development of a prognostic score referred to as "Immunoscore". In this commentary, we recapitulate the study by Gabrielson and colleagues, recently published in Cancer Immunology Research, addressing the role of intratumoral CD3(+) and CD8(+) T cells as well as as prognostic markers for hepatocellular carcinoma. The authors demonstrate that Immunoscore represents a valuable prognostic marker in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma who have undergone primary tumor resection, supporting its application in a tumor setting other than colorectal cancer.
Liquid sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) has been used off-label for decades, and Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved grass and ragweed SLIT tablets have been available in the United States since 2014. Potentially life-threatening events from SLIT do occur, although they appear to be very rare, especially for FDA-approved products. Practice guidelines that incorporate safety precautions regarding the use of SLIT in the United States are needed. This clinical commentary attempts to address unresolved issues including controversy regarding the FDA mandate for the prescription of epinephrine autoinjectors for patients on SLIT; how to approach polysensitized patients; optimal timing and duration of SLIT administration; how to address gaps in therapy; whether antihistamines can prevent local reactions, if certain patient populations (such as persistent asthmatics) should not receive SLIT; and when to instruct patients to self-administer epinephrine. Key points are that physicians should focus on educating patients regarding: (1) when not to administer SLIT; (2) how to recognize a potentially serious allergic reaction to SLIT; and (3) when to administer epinephrine and seek emergency care. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology (J Allergy Clin Immunol Pract 2017;5:34-40)
Renal damage is the major cause of SLE associated mortality, and IFIT1 expression was elevated in SLE cases in accordance of previous studies. Therefore, we conducted an animal study to identify the role of IFIT1 expression in renal pathological changes. 18 female MRL/lpr mice and same number of female BALB/c mice were enrolled in present study. Quantitative analysis of urine protein, Complement C3 and C4, and anti-ds DNA antibody were conducted. HE and PAS staining and TEM analysis were employed to observe the pathological changes in renal tissue. Significant elevation on urine protein and anti-dsDNA and reduction on Complement C3 and C4 were observed in MRL/lpr mice when comparing the controls in same age. Staining and TEM analysis observed several pathological changes in glomerulus among MRL/lpr mice, including cellular enlargement, basement membrane thickening, and increased cellularcasts. The linear regression analysis found the optical density of IFIT1 was inversely associated with F-actin, Nephrin, and Podocin, but not Synatopodin. In summary, IFIT1 expression is associated with podocytes damage, and capable of suppressing some proteins essential to glomerular filtration.
Autoimmune diseases arise due to the loss of immunological self-tolerance. Regulatory T cells (Tregs) are important mediators of immunologic self-tolerance. Tregs represent about 5 - 10% of the mature CD4+ T cell subpopulation in mice and humans, with about 1 - 2% of those Tregs circulating in the peripheral blood. Induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) can be differentiated into functional Tregs, which have a potential to be used for cell-based therapies of autoimmune diseases. Here, we present a method to develop antigen (Ag)-specific Tregs from iPSCs (i.e., iPSC-Tregs). The method is based on incorporating the transcription factor FoxP3 and an Ag-specific T cell receptor (TCR) into iPSCs and then differentiating on OP9 stromal cells expressing Notch ligands delta-like (DL) 1 and DL4. Following in vitro differentiation, the iPSC-Tregs express CD4, CD8, CD3, CD25, FoxP3, and Ag-specific TCR and are able to respond to Ag stimulation. This method has been successfully applied to cell-based therapy of autoimmune arthritis in a murine model. Adoptive transfer of these Ag-specific iPSC-Tregs into Ag-induced arthritis (AIA)bearing mice has the ability to reduce joint inflammation and swelling and to prevent bone loss.
Cell capturing and separation is frequently involved in researches in immunology, diagnostics and pathology. In recent years, different new methods for cell capturing and separation based on microfluidic platform have been developed. With microfluidic chip, rapid and low cost detection can be implemented with small sample and reagent volumes. In this review, two methods of microfluidic cell separation, immune-capture and label-free separation, are introduced. Immuno-capture, a more traditional method, can separate cells with high specificity and provide highly purified target cells. Newly developed label-free method performs separation by utilizing the physical and biological features of target cells, and can keep cell's integrity and activity. Although there are a couple of issues to be resolved before microfluidic cell separation gets widespread commercial use, such as multi-system integration and industrial-scale manufacture, it has already attracted extraordinary research attention and has been in the path on rapid development. It is believed that cell capturing and separation methods based on microfluidic chip have broad application prospect in life science and biomedical field.
The methods described herein for activation of naive CD4(+) T cells in suspension and their adherence in coverslips for confocal microscopy analysis allow the spatial localization and visualization of gangliosides involved in CD4(+) T cell activation, that complement expression profiling experiments such as flow cytometry, western blotting or real-time PCR. The quantification of ganglioside expression through flow cytometry and their cellular localization through microscopy can be obtained by the use of anti-ganglioside antibodies with high affinity and specificity. Nonetheless, an adequate handling of cells in suspension involves the treatment of culture plates to promote the necessary adherence required for fluorescence or confocal microscopy acquisition. In this work, we describe a protocol for determining GD3 and GD2 ganglioside expression and colocalization with the TCR during naive CD4(+) T cell activation. Also, real-time PCR experiments using < 40,000 cells are described for the determination of the GD3 and GM2/GD2 synthase genes, demonstrating that gene analysis experiments can be performed with a low number of cells and without the need of additional low input RNA kits.
Marsupials are born immunologically premature, relying on cells and molecules in maternal milk for immune protection. Both immunoglobulin and complement proteins have been identified in marsupial milk, but the expression of specific complement proteins remains largely unexplored. We report partial cDNA sequences for two complement-activating proteins, C3, C1r, CFP and MASP2, in liver tissues from red-tailed phascogale (Phascogale calura). Conservation of functionally relevant motifs were identified in the translated cDNA sequences from phascogale C3, CFP and MASP2 and their eutherian homologues. Gene expression of representative molecules from each of the major complement pathways was also investigated in whole body tissues from 1 to 18 day old animals and liver tissues from 31-day to 14 month old animals. Average complement expression in whole bodies and liver tissues of C1r, CFP, MASP2 and C3 increased significantly in juveniles compared to pouch young, presumably due to the maturation of the young's own complement system. Comparing expression in liver tissues only, we found that the average CFP expression were higher in pouch young compared to juveniles, while results were still statistically similar to the average expression of all tissues for C1r, MASP2 and C3. The average complement expression then significantly decreased as the animals aged into adulthood. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The female reproductive tract (FRT) mucosal immune system serves as the first line of defense. Better knowledge of the genital mucosa is therefore essential for understanding pathogenicity of different pathogens including HIV. Gamma delta (GD) T cells are the prototype of 'unconventional' T cells and represent a relatively small subset of T cells defined by their expression of heterodimeric T-cell receptors (TCRs) composed of gamma and delta chains. This sets them apart from the classical and much better known CD4(+) helper T cells and CD8(+) cytotoxic T cells that are defined by alpha-beta TCRs. GD T cells often show tissue-specific localization and are enriched in epithelium. GD T cells orchestrate immune responses in inflammation, tumor surveillance, infectious disease, and autoimmunity. Here, we present a method to reproducibly isolate and analyze human endocervical intraepithelial GD T lymphocytes. We have used endocervical cytobrush samples from women participating in the Women's Interagency HIV Infection Study (WIHS). Knowledge about GD T cells interactions during conditions in which there is an insult to the vaginal mucosal could be applied to any clinical study in which mucosal vulnerability is addressed, including the development of vaginal microbicides. In addition, knowledge about mucosal GD T cell responses has potential for application of GD T cell-based immune therapy in treating infectious diseases.
There is current interest in harnessing the combined anticancer and immunological effect of nano particles (NPs) and RNA. Here, we evaluate the bioactivity of poly I:C (pIC) RNA, bound to anticancer zinc oxide NP (ZnO-NP) against melanoma. Direct RNA association to unfunctionalized ZnO-NP is shown by observing change in size, zeta potential, and absorption/fluorescence spectra upon complexation. RNA corona was visualized by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) for the first time. Binding constant (K-b = 1.6-2.8 g(-1) L) was determined by modified Stern-Volmer, absorption, and biological surface activity index analysis. The pIC ZnO-NP complex increased cell death for both human (A375) and mouse (B16F10) cell lines and suppressed tumor cell growth in BALB/C-B16F10 mouse melanoma model. Ex vivo tumor analysis indicated significant molecular activity such as changes in the level of phosphoproteins JNK, Akt, and inflammation markers IL-6 and IFN-gamma. High throughput proteomics analysis revealed zinc oxide and poly I:C-specific and combinational patterns that suggested possible utility as an anticancer and immunotherapeutic strategy against melanoma.
Objective: Gut microbial translocation is a major driving force behind chronic immune activation during HIV-1 infection. HIV-1-related intestinal dysbiosis, including increases in mucosa-associated pathobionts, may influence microbial translocation and contribute to mucosal and systemic inflammation. Thus, it is critical to understand the mechanisms by which gut microbes and their metabolic products, such as butyrate, influence immune cell function during HIV-1 infection. Design: A cross-sectional study was performed to compare the relative abundance of butyrate-producing bacterial (BPB) species in colonic biopsies and stool of untreated, chronic HIV-1-infected (n = 18) and HIV-1-uninfected (n = 14) study participants. The effect of exogenously added butyrate on gut T-cell activation and HIV-1 infection was evaluated using an ex-vivo human intestinal cell culture model. Methods: Species were identified in 16S ribosomal RNA sequence datasets. Ex-vivo isolated lamina propria mononuclear cells were infected with C-C chemokine receptor type 5-tropic HIV-1Bal, cultured with enteric gram-negative bacteria and a range of butyrate doses, and lamina propria T-cell activation and HIV-1 infection levels measured. Results: Relative abundance of total BPB and specifically of Roseburia intestinalis, were lower in colonic mucosa of HIV-1-infected versus HIV-1-uninfected individuals. In HIV-1-infected study participants, R. intestinalis relative abundance inversely correlated with systemic indicators of microbial translocation, immune activation, and vascular inflammation. Exogenous butyrate suppressed enteric gram-negative bacteria-driven lamina propria T-cell activation and HIV-1 infection levels in vitro. Conclusion: Reductions in mucosal butyrate from diminished colonic BPB may exacerbate pathobiont-driven gut T-cell activation and HIV replication, thereby contributing to HIV-associated mucosal pathogenesis. Copyright (C) 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Food poisoning by Staphylococcus aureus is a result of ingestion of Staphylococcal enterotoxins (SEs) produced by this bacterium and is a major source of foodborne illness. Staphylococcal enterotoxin D (SED) is one of the predominant enterotoxins recovered in Staphylococcal food poisoning incidences, including a recent outbreak in Guam affecting 300 children. Current immunology methods for SED detection cannot distinguish between the biologically active form of the toxin, which poses a threat, from the inactive form, which poses no threat. In vivo bioassays that measure emetic activity in kitten and monkeys have been used, but these methods rely upon expensive procedures using live animals and raising ethical concerns. A rapid (5 h) quantitative bioluminescence assay, using a genetically engineered T-cell Jurkat cell line expressing luciferase under regulation of nuclear factor of activated T cells response elements, in combination with the lymphoblastoid B-cell line Raji for antigen presentation, was developed. In this assay, the detection limit of biologically active SED is 100 ng/mL, which is 10 times more sensitive than the splenocyte proliferation assay, and 105 times more sensitive than monkey or kitten bioassay. Pasteurization or repeated freeze-thaw cycles had no effect on SED activity, but reduction in SED activity was shown with heat treatment at 100 degrees C for 5 min. It was also shown that milk exhibits a protective effect on SED. This bioluminescence assay may also be used to rapidly evaluate antibodies to SED for potential therapeutic application as a measurement of neutralizing biological effects of SED.
Background: We developed and validated a kinetic microplate hemolytic assay (HA) to quantify classical and alternative complement activity in a single dilution of human plasma or serum. Methods: The assay is based on monitoring hemolysis of sensitized sheep (or uncoated rabbit) red blood cells by means of a 96-well microplate reader. The activity of the calibrator was evaluated by reference to 200 healthy adults. The conversion of 50% hemolysis time into a percentage of activity was obtained using a calibration curve plotted daily. Results: The linearity of the assay as well as interference (by hemolysis, bilrubinemia and lipemia) was assessed for classical pathway (CP). The within-day and the between-day precision was satisfactory regarding the performance of commercially available liposome immunoassay (LIA) and ELISA. Patients with hereditary or acquired complement deficiencies were detected (activity was measured <30%). We also provided a reference range obtained from 200 blood donors. The agreement of CP evaluated on samples from 48 patients was 94% with LIA and 87.5% with ELISA. The sensitivity of our assay was better than that of LIA, and the cost was lower than either LIA or ELISA. In addition, this assay was less time consuming than previously reported HAs. Conclusions: This assay allows the simultaneous measurement of 36 samples in duplicate per run of a 96-well plate. The use of a daily calibration curve allows standardization of the method and leads to good reproducibility. The same technique was also adapted for the quantification of alternative pathway (AP) activity.
In 2016, the British Journal of Biomedical Science published 36 reports outlining specific advances in each of the various disciplines within biomedical science. These were one review, 25 original articles, 9 'In Brief' reports and one letter to the Editor. Of these, the majority were in blood science (5 in biochemistry, 7 in haematology and 2 in immunology) and infection science (8 in microbiology, 2 in virology) with a smaller number in cellular sciences (6 in cellular pathology and 2 in cytopathology). Three reports considered both biochemistry and immunology, while another reported an advance in the identification of chromosomal abnormalities. The present report will summarise key aspects of these publications that are of greatest relevance to laboratory scientists.
Internal energy reserves of animals are limited, and the current investment in reproduction often decreases survival or future reproductive success. Some studies showed that copulatory activities impair the strength of immune function in insects, while the recent evidence is contradictory. In this study we tested whether copulatory activity affects the rate of encapsulation response in males of Calopteryx splendens damselfly in allopatric populations, and in sympatric populations where C. splendens stay together with their superior competitor C. virgo. We also counted the number of eugregarines, which are common parasites of damselflies. Copulation activity did not affect the immunity of C. splendens males in allopatric populations. In sympatric populations C. splendens males had more gut parasites, and we found a significant interaction between parasite number and copulatory activity on the rate of encapsulation. Our results suggest that the costs of reproduction are higher in infected males, which may affect reproductive investment and sexual selection.
Objective: To examine differences in inflammation markers in sexually active versus abstinent women and observe changes in inflammation markers across the menstrual cycle. Cycle-related immune fluctuations may have evolved to reduce interference with conception. If so, reproductively active (i.e., sexually active) women should show the most variability in cytokine expression. Design: Participants provided serum samples at menses and ovulation (from which cytokines were assayed) and saliva samples at menses and during follicular, ovulation, and luteal phases (from which C-reactive protein [CRP] was assayed). Participants self reported intercourse frequency during the study. Setting: Academic research laboratory. Patient(s): Thirty-two healthy, naturally cycling premenopausal women (sexually active, n = 15; abstinent, n = 17). Intervention(s): Observational study. Main Outcome Measure(s): Levels of proinflammatory cytokines (interleukin-6 [IL-6], interferon gamma [IFN-7], tumor necrosis factor-alpha [INF-alpha]), an anti-inflammatory cytokine (interleukin-4 [IL-41), and a marker of total inflammation (CRP). Result(s): Sexually active women had higher levels of all of the immune markers measured, including both pro- and antiinflammatory cytokines, than abstinent women. Relative to sexually active women, abstinent women had less change across the menstrual cycle in levels of CRP. Among sexually active women, higher intercourse frequency predicted greater midcycle decreases in CRP, IL-6, and IFN-7 and midcycle increases in IL-4. Conclusion(s): Sexual activity may stimulate a complex interaction between pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines that subsequently drives midcycle declines in inflammation. (C)2016 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine.
Background: Food allergy is an important public health problem because it affects children and adults, can be severe and even life-threatening, and may be increasing in prevalence. Beginning in 2008, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, working with other organizations and advocacy groups, led the development of the first clinical guidelines for the diagnosis and management of food allergy. A recent landmark clinical trial and other emerging data suggest that peanut allergy can be prevented through introduction of peanut-containing foods beginning in infancy. Objectives: Prompted by these findings, along with 25 professional organizations, federal agencies, and patient advocacy groups, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases facilitated development of addendum guidelines to specifically address the prevention of peanut allergy. Results: The addendum provides 3 separate guidelines for infants at various risk levels for the development of peanut allergy and is intended for use by a wide variety of health care providers. Topics addressed include the definition of risk categories, appropriate use of testing (specific IgE measurement, skin prick tests, and oral food challenges), and the timing and approaches for introduction of peanut-containing foods in the health care provider's office or at home. The addendum guidelines provide the background, rationale, and strength of evidence for each recommendation. Conclusions: Guidelines have been developed for early introduction of peanut-containing foods into the diets of infants at various risk levels for peanut allergy. Published by Elsevier Inc on behalf of the American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
The limited number of oral vaccines currently approved for use in humans and veterinary species clearly illustrates that development of efficacious and safe oral vaccines has been a challenge not only for fish immunologists. The insufficient efficacy of oral vaccines is partly due to antigen breakdown in the harsh gastric environment, but also to the high tolerogenic gut environment and to inadequate vaccine design. In this review we discuss current approaches used to develop oral vaccines for mass vaccination of farmed fish species. Furthermore, using various examples from the human and veterinary vaccine development, we propose additional approaches to fish vaccine design also considering recent advances in fish mucosal immunology and novel molecular tools. Finally, we discuss the pros and cons of using the zebrafish as a pre-screening animal model to potentially speed up vaccine design and testing for aquaculture fish species. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Paroxysmal dyskinesias (PDs) are a group of hyperkinetic movement disorders characterised by circumscribed episodes of disturbed movement, superimposed on a background state in which such abnormality is absent. There is no loss of consciousness. Episodes can last seconds, minutes or hours, and the beginning and end of the movement disturbance are abrupt. Neurological examination is typically normal between episodes. PDs are associated with a broad spectrum of clinical presentations, encompassing various aetiologies. In humans, three main groups of PDs are distinguished, based on precipitating events rather than phenomenology: (1) paroxysmal kinesigenic dyskinesia (PKD); (2) paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia (PNKD); and (3) paroxysmal exertion-induced dyskinesia (PED). In recent years, there has been an expansion of the spectrum of manifestations of PD due to the identification of genes associated with PD in humans (PRRT1, MR-1, SLC2A1 and KCNMAI) and dogs (BCAN and P1GN). The precise pathophysiological mechanism underlying the clinical manifestations of these reported mutations remains to be elucidated. Progress is also being made in the field of immunology, and links to gluten hypersensitivity in Border terriers with so-called canine epileptoid cramping syndrome (CECS) have been reported. This review aims to synthesise a classification scheme for veterinary PDs by reviewing human systems and applying them to veterinary examples. However, it is anticipated that genetic advancement will greatly aid in future stratification and therapy for PDs in dogs. Therefore, classification systems should be viewed as works in progress that should be modified as necessary. Crown Copyright (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (GvHD) remains a major complication of allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation, with a significant proportion of patients failing to respond to first-line systemic corticosteroids. Reliable biomarkers predicting disease severity and response to treatment are warranted to improve its management. Thus, we sought to determine whether pentraxin 3 (PTX3), an acutephase protein produced locally at the site of inflammation, could represent a novel acute GvHD biomarker. Using a murine model of the disease, we found increased PTX3 plasma levels after irradiation and at GvHD onset. Similarly, plasma PTX3 was enhanced in 115 pediatric patients on day of transplantation, likely due to conditioning, and at GvHD onset in patients experiencing clinical symptoms of the disease. PTX3 was also found increased in skin and colon biopsies from patients with active disease. Furthermore, PTX3 plasma levels at GvHD onset were predictive of disease outcome since they resulted significantly higher in both severe and therapyunresponsive patients. Multiple injections of rhPTX3 in the murine model of GvHD did not influence the disease course. Taken together, our results indicate that PTX3 constitutes a biomarker of GvHD severity and therapy response useful to tailor treatment intensity according to early risk-stratification of GvHD patients.
Recent developments in single-cell transcriptomics have opened new opportunities for studying dynamic processes in immunology in a high throughput and unbiased manner. Starting from a mixture of cells in different stages of a developmental process, unsupervised trajectory inference algorithms aim to automatically reconstruct the underlying developmental path that cells are following. In this review, we break down the strategies used by this novel class of methods, and organize their components into a common framework, highlighting several practical advantages and disadvantages of the individual methods. We also give an overview of new insights these methods have already provided regarding the wiring and gene regulation of cell differentiation. As the trajectory inference field is still in its infancy, we propose several future developments that will ultimately lead to a global and data-driven way of studying immune cell differentiation.
Despite their superficial localization in the skin, pathogenic dermatophytes can induce a complex but still misunderstood immune response in their hosts. The cell-mediated immunity (CMI) is correlated with both clinical recovery and protection against reinfection, and CD4+ T lymphocytes have been recognized as a crucial component of the immune defense against dermatophytes. Before the discovery of the Th17 pathway, CMI was considered to be only dependent of Th1 cells, and thus most studies on the immunology of dermatophytosis have focused on the Th1 pathway. Nevertheless, the fine comparative analysis of available scientific data on immunology of dermatophytosis in one hand and on the Th17 pathway mechanisms involved in opportunistic mucosal fungal infections in the other hand reveals that some key elements of the Th17 pathway can be activated by dermatophytes. Stimulation of the Th17 pathway could occur through the activation of some C-type lectin-like receptors and inflammasome in antigen-presenting cells. The Th17 cells could go back to the affected skin and by the production of signature cytokines could induce the effector mechanisms like the recruitment of polymorphonuclear neutrophils and the synthesis of antimicrobial peptides. In conclusion, besides the Th1 pathway, which is important to the immune response against dermatophytes, there are also growing evidences for the involvement of the Th17 pathway.
Flow cytometry is a method widely used to quantify suspended solids such as cells or bacteria in a size range from 0.5 to several tens of micrometers in diameter. In addition to a characterization of forward and sideward scatter properties, it enables the use of fluorescent labeled markers like antibodies to detect respective structures. Using indirect antibody staining, flow cytometry is employed here to quantify birch pollen allergen (precisely Bet v 1)-loaded particles of 0.5 to 10 mu m in diameter in inhalable particulate matter (PM10, particle size0.5 mu m.
For young birds in a nest, body size may have implications for other aspects of development such as telomere length and immune function. However, it is possible to predict associations in either direction. On the one hand, there may be trade-offs between growth and telomere maintenance, and growth and investment in immune function, suggesting there will be negative correlations. On the other hand, relatively larger individuals might be advantaged in competition with their nest-mates, allowing them to garner more resources overall, leading to positive correlations. We studied development over the nestling period in 34 nests of wild European starlings, Sturnus vulgaris. Intrabrood competition is typically more intense in larger broods. Hence, we predicted that body size should become an increasingly positive predictor of telomere length and immune functioning as brood size increases. In partial support of our prediction, there were significant interactions between brood size and body size in predicting both erythrocyte telomere length change and plasma levels of the cytokine interleukin-6. The associations between body size and these outcomes went from negative in the smallest broods to positive in the largest. A further immune marker, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, showed no systematic patterning with body size or brood size. Our results confirm that the size to which a nestling grows is important for telomere dynamics and the development of the immune system, but the phenotypic associations are moderated by the competitive context.
It has been shown in vitro that only specific dietary fibers contribute to immunity, but studies in vivo are not conclusive. Here, we investigated degree of polymerization (DP) dependent effects of beta 2 ->1-fructans on immunity via microbiota-dependent and-independent effects. To this end, conventional or germ-free mice received short-or long-chain beta 2 ->1-fructan for 5 days. Immune cell populations in the spleen, mesenteric lymph nodes (MLNs), and Peyer's patches (PPs) were analyzed with flow cytometry, genome-wide gene expression in the ileum was measured with microarray, and gut microbiota composition was analyzed with 16S rRNA sequencing of fecal samples. We found that beta 2 ->1-fructans modulated immunity by both microbiota and microbiota-independent effects. Moreover, effects were dependent on the chain-length of the beta 2 ->1-fructans type polymer. Both short-and long-chain beta 2 ->1-fructans enhanced T-helper 1 cells in PPs, whereas only short-chain beta 2 ->1-fructans increased regulatory T cells and CD11b(-)CD103(-)dendritic cells (DCs) in the MLN. A common feature after short-and long-chain beta 2 ->1-fructan treatment was enhanced 2-alpha-L-fucosyltransferase 2 expression and other IL-22-dependent genes in the ileum of conventional mice. These effects were not associated with shifts in gut microbiota composition, or altered production of short-chain fatty acids. Both short-and long-chain beta 2 ->1-fructans also induced immune effects in germ-free animals, demonstrating direct effect independent from the gut microbiota. Also, these effects were dependent on the chain-length of the beta 2 ->1-fructans. Short-chain beta 2 ->1-fructan induced lower CD80 expression by CD11b(-)CD103(-) DCs in PPs, whereas long-chain beta 2 ->1-fructan specifically modulated B cell responses in germ-free mice. In conclusion, support of immunity is determined by the chemical structure of beta 2 ->1-fructans and is partially microbiota independent.
The immune system maintains a critically organized network to defend against foreign particles, while evading self-reactivity simultaneously. T lymphocytes function as effectors and play an important regulatory role to orchestrate the immune signals. Although central tolerance mechanism results in the removal of the most of the autoreactive T cells during thymic selection, a fraction of self-reactive lymphocytes escapes to the periphery and pose a threat to cause autoimmunity. The immune system evolved various mechanisms to constrain such autoreactive T cells and maintain peripheral tolerance, including T cell anergy, deletion, and suppression by regulatory T cells (T-Regs). These effects are regulated by a complex network of stimulatory and inhibitory receptors expressed on T cells and their ligands, which deliver cell-to-cell signals that dictate the outcome of T cell encountering with cognate antigens. Among the inhibitory immune mediators, the pathway consisting of the programed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor (CD279) and its ligands PD-L1 (B7-H1, CD274) and PD-L2 (B7-DC, CD273) plays an important role in the induction and maintenance of peripheral tolerance and for the maintenance of the stability and the integrity of T cells. However, the PD-1: PD-L1/L2 pathway also mediates potent inhibitory signals to hinder the proliferation and function of T effector cells and have inimical effects on antiviral and antitumor immunity. Therapeutic targeting of this pathway has resulted in successful enhancement of T cell immunity against viral pathogens and tumors. Here, we will provide a brief overview on the properties of the components of the PD-1 pathway, the signaling events regulated by PD-1 engagement, and their consequences on the function of T effector cells.
Cyclophosphamide (CY) is a DNA alkylating agent, which is widely used with other chemotherapy drugs in the treatment of various types of cancer. It can be used not only as a chemotherapeutic but also as an immunomodulatory agent to inhibit IL-10 expression and T regulatory cells (Tregs). Fibroblast activation protein alpha (FAP alpha) is expressed in cancer-associated fibroblasts in the tumor microenvironment. Immunotherapy based on FAP alpha, as a tumor stromal antigen, typically induces specific immune response targeting the tumor microenvironment. This study evaluated the efficacy of a previously unreported CY combination strategy to enhance the limited anti-tumor effect of a DNA vaccine targeting FAP alpha. The results suggested CY administration could promote the percentage of splenic CD8(+)T cells and decrease the proportion of CD4(+)CD25(+)Foxp3(+)Tregs in spleen. In tumor tissues, levels of immunosuppressive cytokines including IL-10 and CXCL-12 were also reduced. Meanwhile, the CY combination did not impair the FAP alpha-specific immunity induced by the DNA vaccine and further reduced tumor stromal factors. Most importantly, FAP-vaccinated mice also treated with CY chemotherapy showed a marked suppression of tumor growth (inhibition ratio =80%) and a prolongation of survival time. Thus, the combination of FAP alpha immunotherapy and chemotherapy with CY offers new insights into improving cancer therapies.
High-grade osteosarcomas are the most common primary malignant tumors of bone. With complete surgical resection and multi-agent chemotherapy up to 70% of patients with high-grade osteosarcomas and localized extremity tumors can become long-term survivors. The prognosis, however, is poor for patients with nonresectable, primary metastatic or relapsed disease. Outcome is essentially unchanged for three decades. Herein, we describe selected novel insights into the genomics, biology and immunology of the disease and discuss selected strategies, which hold promise to overcome the current stagnation in the therapeutic success in childhood osteosarcoma.
Introduction: Respiratory tract infections constitute the most frequent manifestation of X-linked agammaglobulinemia (XLA). There are not many papers elucidating gastrointestinal (GI) disorders, including inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), in such patients. The aim of the study was to evaluate the occurrence of gastrointestinal disorders and IBD compared to respiratory tract infections in XLA individuals. Material and methods: Of 1563 patients with primary immunodeficiencies diagnosed in the Department of Immunology, the Children's Memorial Health Institute (CMHI), 66 boys had a provisional diagnosis of agammaglobulinemia. Forty-four subjects fulfilled definitive ESID (European Society for Immunodeficiencies) diagnostic criteria of XLA. A retrospective analysis of medical history of XLA patients was undertaken. Results: Recurrent respiratory tract infections, particularly bronchitis (73%) and pneumonia (59%), were the most common symptoms of XLA. The GI disorders constituted the next main manifestation (63.6%), followed by upper respiratory tract infections. Twenty-six of 28 XLA patients with GI disorders complained of diarrhea, which was resolved generally after immunoglobulin therapy introduction. Single but prolonged episodes of Campylobacter jejuni diarrhea were reported in two individuals. Inflammatory bowel disease of mild to moderate activity was diagnosed in 1 patient, and local enteritis of mild activity in another one. Conclusions: Gastrointestinal disorders were one of the main manifestations of XLA, reported almost as often as lower respiratory tract infections. The most common GI symptom was diarrhea, which usually resolved after immunoglobulin therapy was started. Infections caused by Giardia lamblia were reported occasionally. Inflammatory bowel disease was diagnosed quite exceptionally, which presumably may be connected with normal T cell immunity.
Evidence suggests that exosomes can transfer genetic material between cells. However, their roles in hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection remain unclear. Here, we report that exosomes present in the sera of chronic hepatitis B (CHB) patients contained both HBV nucleic acids and HBV proteins, and transferred HBV to hepatocytes in an active manner. Notably, HBV nucleic acids were detected in natural killer (NK) cells from both CHB patients and healthy donors after exposure to HBV-positive exosomes. Through real-time fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry, 1,1'-dioctadecyl-3,3,3', 3',-tetramethylindodicarbocyanine, 4-chlorobenzenesulfnate salt (DiD)-labeled exosomes were observed to interact with NK cells and to be taken up by NK cells, which was enhanced by transforming growth factor-beta treatment. Furthermore, HBV-positive exosomes impaired NK-cell functions, including interferon (IFN)-gamma production, cytolytic activity, NK-cell proliferation and survival, as well as the responsiveness of the cells to poly (I: C) stimulation. HBV infection suppressed the expression of pattern-recognition receptors, especially retinoic acid inducible gene I (RIG-I), on NK cells, resulting in the dampening of the nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways. Our results highlight a previously unappreciated role of exosomes in HBV transmission and NK-cell dysfunction during CHB infection. Cellular & Molecular Immunology (2017) published online 30 May 2016
Corneal immunoimaging and neuroimaging approaches facilitate in vivo analyses of the cornea, including high-resolution imaging of corneal immune cells and nerves. This approach facilitates the analyses of underlying immune and nerve alterations not detected by clinical slit-lamp examination alone. In this review, we describe recent work performed in our translational ocular immunology center with a focus on "bench-to-bedside" and "bedside-to-bench" research. The ability to visualize dendritiform immune cells (DCs) in patients with laser in vivo confocal microscopy (IVCM), recently discovered in the central murine cornea, has allowed us to demonstrate their utility as a potential surrogate biomarker for inflammatory ocular surface diseases. This biomarker for inflammation allows the measurement of therapeutic efficacy of anti-inflammatory drugs and its utility as an endpoint in clinical trials with high interobserver agreement. IVCM image analyses from our studies has demonstrated a significant increase in DC density and size in ocular disease, a positive correlation between DC density and clinical signs and symptoms of disease and pro-inflammatory tear cytokines, and a strong negative correlation between DC density and subbasal nerve density. In conjunction with preclinical research investigating the inflammatory state in a partial or fully denervated cornea, our results indicated that corneal nerves are directly involved in the regulation of homeostasis and immune privilege in the cornea.
The association between transportation and the occurrence of the bovine respiratory disease complex (BRDC) has long been recognised. Many hypotheses regarding this association have been declared through the past decades, and it is agreed upon by most researchers that the multiple stressors that calves experience during transportation result in an overall immunosuppression that allows the respiratory tract to be invaded by numerous opportunistic pathogens. Furthermore, the innate immune cells, neutrophils, may be trapped in a paradox whereby their crucial defence and pathogen-killing activities are counteracted by excessive inflammation and tissue damage that may exacerbate disease, including the BRDC. Neutrophilia in response to glucocorticoids has been attributed to an influx of immature neutrophils newly released from the bone marrow, a decrease in neutrophil margination along endothelial walls, and a decrease in neutrophil apoptosis. Several of these explanations have been confirmed by altered expression of genes and proteins important for neutrophil margination and apoptosis.
Chronic granulomatous disease is a rare, inherited immunodeficiency disorder that reduces the superoxide generation ability of phagocytes, leading to recurrent infections and granulomatous inflammation. We report the case of a previously healthy 3-year-old boy who presented with classic features of Crohn disease. Suspicion from histopathologiclogic assessment allowed early diagnosis and treatment for chronic granulomatous disease before the onset of infections.
BACKGROUND: Some patients with aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease (AERD) and eosinophilia report angina-type chest pain that occurs at rest and responds to corticosteroid therapy. The frequency of eosinophilia-associated coronary artery vasospasm in patients with AERD, a disease characterized by blood and respiratory tissue eosinophilia, however, is unknown. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to understand the cause of the chest pain described above and determine the most appropriate treatment for it. METHODS: A chart review of 153 patients with AERD who are followed at Brigham and Women's Hospital was performed. Patients who reported any type of chest pain were assessed for the presence of cardiac risk factors, eosinophilia, and response of chest pain to a variety of treatments. Two patients with AERD and eosinophilia who had recurrent chest pain due to suspected vasospasm are described in detail, and 8 other cases are also summarized. RESULTS: Of the 153 patients reviewed, 10 had a history of chest pain concerning for ischemia. Of the 10 patients with chest pain, 8 had undergone aspirin desensitization and initiated high-dose aspirin therapy; of these, 6 reported an increase in the frequency or severity of chest pain while on high-dose aspirin with improvement after aspirin discontinuation or dose reduction. Many patients had traditional cardiac risk factors, but none had any evidence of coronary atherosclerosis; almost all had significant eosinophilia. Their chest pain did not improve with typical antianginal treatments but did respond to corticosteroid therapy. CONCLUSIONS: Although uncommon, patients with AERD can develop eosinophilia-associated coronary artery vasospasm, which is occasionally worsened by high-dose aspirin. Patients with AERD who present with symptoms of ischemic chest pain should be screened for eosinophilia, as early treatment with corticosteroids can be life-saving. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology
Objective: To determine if the molecular profiles of endometriotic lesions contain informative measures of inflammation and immune dysfunction that may contribute to better understanding of the interplay between immune dysfunction and inflammation and their contribution to endometriosis pathogenesis. Design: Immune and inflammation transcriptomic analysis with the use of the Nanostring nCounter GX Human Immunology V2 platform (579 human immune and inflammation-related genes and 15 housekeeping genes). Setting: Academic university and teaching hospital. Intervention(s): None. Patient(s): Stage III-IV endometriosis patients with infertility (n = 8) and fertile disease-free control women undergoing tubal ligation (n = 8). Menstrual stage was matched to secretory phase in all participants. Main Outcome Measure(s): Immune and inflammation transcriptomics quantification from ectopic endometriotic lesions and matched eutopic endometrium from patients. Endometria of fertile women served as control subjects. Result(s): Our results displayed endometriotic lesions as molecularly distinct entities compared with eutopic endometrium and endometrium of control samples; 396 out of 579 screened immune and inflammation-related genes were significantly different in ectopic tissues compared with control endometrium. Most importantly, eutopic endometrium of the patients displayed a unique molecular profile compared with the control endometrium (91/579 genes were significantly different), particularly of genes involved in regulation of cell apoptosis and decidualization. Conclusion(s): We characterize differential expression of immune-inflammation genes in endometriosis patients, and show molecular distinction of eutopic endometrium of patients compared with control fertile women. (C) 2016 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine.
Lymphocyte proliferation in response to antigenic or mitogenic stimulation is a readily quantifiable phenomenon useful for testing immunomodulatory (i.e., immunosuppressive or immunostimulatory) chemical compounds and biologics. One of the earliest steps during mitogenesis is cell enlargement or blastogenic transformation, whereupon the cell volume increases before division. It is usually detectable in the first several hours of T-lymphocyte stimulation. Here, we describe a rapid method to quantify blastogenesis in T lymphocytes isolated from mouse spleens and human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) using an automated cell counter. Various commonly used proliferation assays for the most part are laborious and only reflect the overall population effect rather than individual cellular effects within a population. In contrast, the presented automated cell counter assay provides rapid, direct, and precise measurements of cell diameters that can be used for assessing the effectiveness of various mitogens and immunomodulatory drugs in vitro.
Hereditary fever syndromes (HFS) include a group of disorders characterized by recurrent self-limited episodes of fever accompanied by inflammatory manifestations occurring in the absence of infection or autoimmune reaction. Advances in the genetics of HFS have led to the identification of new gene families and pathways involved in the regulation of inflammation and innate immunity. The key role of several cytokine networks in the pathogenesis of HFS has been underlined by several groups, and supported by the rapid response of patients to targeted cytokine blocking therapies. This can be due to the direct effect of cytokine overproduction or to an absence of receptor antagonist resulting in dysbalance of downstream pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokine networks. The aim of this study was to present an overview and to discuss the major concepts regarding the cellular and molecular immunology of HFS, with a particular focus on their specific cytokine signatures and physiopathological implications. Based on their molecular and cellular mechanisms, HFS have been classified into intrinsic and extrinsic IL-1 beta activation disorders or inflammasomopathies, and protein misfolding disorders. This review integrates all recent data in an updated classification of HFS. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Background: Tick-borne diseases greatly impact human and animal health worldwide, and vaccines are an environmentally friendly alternative to acaricides for their control. Recent results have suggested that aquaporin (AQP) water channels have a key function during tick feeding and development, and constitute good candidate antigens for the control of tick infestations. Methods: Here we describe the effect of vaccination with the Ixodes ricinus AQP1 (IrAQP) and a tick AQP conserved region (CoAQP) on I. ricinus tick larval mortality, feeding and molting. Results: We demonstrated that vaccination with IrAQP and CoAQP had an efficacy of 32% and 80%, respectively on the control of I. ricinus larvae by considering the cumulative effect on reducing tick survival and molting. Conclusions: The effect of the AQP vaccines on larval survival and molting is essential to reduce tick infestations, and extended previous results on the effect of R. microplus AQP1 on the control of cattle tick infestations. These results supports that AQP, and particularly CoAQP, might be a candidate protective antigen for the control of different tick species. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Background: No molecular marker can monitor disease progression and treatment efficacy in multiple sclerosis (MS). Circulating microparticles represent a potential snapshot of disease activity at the blood brain barrier. Objectives and methods: To profile plasma microparticles by flow cytometry in MS and determine how fingolimod could impact endothelial microparticles production. Results: In non-treated MS patients compared to healthy and fingolimod-treated patients, endothelial microparticles were higher, while B-cell-microparticle numbers were lower. Fingolimod dramatically reduced tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-induced endothelial microparticle release in vitro. Conclusion: Fingolimod restored dysregulated endothelial and B-cell-microparticle numbers, which could serve as a biomarker in MS.
Background: Here we integrate verified signals from previous genetic association studies with gene expression and pathway analysis for discovery of new candidate genes and signaling networks, relevant for rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Method: RNA-sequencing-(RNA-seq)-based expression analysis of 377 genes from previously verified RA-associated loci was performed in blood cells from 5 newly diagnosed, non-treated patients with RA, 7 patients with treated RA and 12 healthy controls. Differentially expressed genes sharing a similar expression pattern in treated and untreated RA sub-groups were selected for pathway analysis. A set of "connector" genes derived from pathway analysis was tested for differential expression in the initial discovery cohort and validated in blood cells from 73 patients with RA and in 35 healthy controls. Results: There were 11 qualifying genes selected for pathway analysis and these were grouped into two evidence-based functional networks, containing 29 and 27 additional connector molecules. The expression of genes, corresponding to connector molecules was then tested in the initial RNA-seq data. Differences in the expression of ERBB2, TP53 and THOP1 were similar in both treated and non-treated patients with RA and an additional nine genes were differentially expressed in at least one group of patients compared to healthy controls. The ERBB2, TP53. THOP1 expression profile was successfully replicated in RNA-seq data from peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy controls and non-treated patients with RA, in an independent collection of samples. Conclusion: Integration of RNA-seq data with findings from association studies, and consequent pathway analysis implicate new candidate genes, ERBB2, TP53 and THOP1 in the pathogenesis of RA.
We investigated the role of Smad4, a signaling molecule of the TGF-beta pathway, in T cells on the pathology of Sjogren's syndrome (SS) in nonobese diabetic (NOD) mice, an animal model of SS. T cell-specific Smad4-deleted (Smad4(fl/fl,CD4-Cre); Smad4 tKO) NOD mice had accelerated development of SS compared with wildtype (Smad4(+/+,CD4-Cre); WT) NOD mice, including increased lymphocyte infiltration into exocrine glands, decreased tear and saliva production, and increased levels of autoantibodies at 12 weeks of age. Activated/memory T cells and cytokine (IFN-Y, IL-17)- producing T cells were increased in Smad4 tKO NOD mice, however the proportion and function of regulatory T (Treg) cells were not different between Smad4 tKO and WT NOD mice. Effector T (Teff) cells from Smad4 tKO NOD mice were less sensitive than WT Teff cells to suppression by Treg cells. Th17 differentiation capability of Teff cells was similar between Smad4 tKO and WT NOD mice, but IL-17 expression was increased under inducible Treg skewing conditions in T cells from Smad4 tKO NOD mice. Our results demonstrate that disruption of the Smad4 pathway in T cells of NOD mice increases Teff cell activation resulting in upregulation of Th17 cells, indicating that Smad4 in T cells has a protective role in the development of SS in NOD mice.
BACKGROUND: Methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase (MTHFD1) deficiency has recently been reported to cause a folate-responsive syndrome displaying a phenotype that includes megaloblastic anemia and severe combined immunodeficiency. OBJECTIVE: To describe our investigative approach to the molecular diagnosis and evaluation of immune dysfunction in a family with MTHFD1 deficiency. METHODS: The methods used were exome sequencing and analysis of variants in genes involved in the folate metabolic pathway in a family with 2 affected siblings. Routine laboratory and research data were analyzed to gain an in-depth understanding of innate, humoral, and cell-mediated immune function before and after folinic acid supplementation. RESULTS: Interrogation of exome data for concordant variants between the siblings in the genes involved in folate metabolic pathway identified a heterozygous mutation in exon 3 of the MTHFD1 gene that was shared with their mother. In view of highly suggestive phenotype, we extended our bioinformatics interrogation for structural variants in the MTHFD1 gene by manual evaluation of the exome data for sequence depth coverage of all the exons. A deletion involving exon 13 that was shared with their father was identified. Routine laboratory data showed lymphopenia involving all subsets and poor response to vaccines. In vitro analysis of dendritic cell and lymphocyte function was comparable to that in healthy volunteers. Treatment with folinic acid led to immune reconstitution, enabling discontinuation of all prophylactic therapies. CONCLUSIONS: Exome sequencing demonstrated MTHFD1 deficiency as a novel cause of a combined immunodeficiency. Folinic acid was established as precision therapy to reverse the clinical and laboratory phenotype of this primary immunodeficiency. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
The tumor microenvironment consists of an immunosuppressive niche created by the complex interactions between cancer cells and surrounding stromal cells. A critical component of this environment are myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSCs), a heterogeneous group of immature myeloid cells arrested at different stages of differentiation and expanded in response to a variety of tumor factors. MDSCs exert diverse effects in modulating the interactions between immune effector cells and the malignant cells. An increased presence of MDSCs is associated with tumor progression, poorer outcomes, and decreased effectiveness of immunotherapeutic strategies. In this article, we will review our current understanding of the mechanisms that underlie MDSC expansion and their immune-suppressive function. Finally, we review the preclinical studies and clinical trials that have attempted to target MDSCs, in order to improve responses to cancer therapies.
The MHC class I and II antigen processing and presentation pathways display peptides to circulating CD8(+) cytotoxic and CD4(+) helper T cells respectively to enable pathogens and transformed cells to be identified. Once detected, T cells become activated and either directly kill the infected /transformed cells (CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes) or orchestrate the activation of the adaptive immune response (CD4(+) T cells). The immune surveillance of transformed/tumour cells drives alteration of the antigen processing and presentation pathways to evade detection and hence the immune response. Evasion of the immune response is a significant event tumour development and considered one of the hallmarks of cancer. To avoid immune recognition, tumours employ a multitude of strategies with most resulting in a down-regulation of the MHC class I expression at the cell surface, significantly impairing the ability of CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes to recognize the tumour. Alteration of the expression of key players in antigen processing not only affects MHC class I expression but also significantly alters the repertoire of peptides being presented. These modified peptide repertoires may serve to further reduce the presentation of tumour-specific/associated antigenic epitopes to aid immune evasion and tumour progression. Here we review the modifications to the antigen processing and presentation pathway in tumours and how it affects the anti-tumour immune response, considering the role of tumour-infiltrating cell populations and highlighting possible future therapeutic targets.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) is present in the blood plasma and acts as a pivotal intercellular signal transmitter in the immune system by recruiting lymphocytes from the thymus and secondary lymphoid tissues. The plasma S1P concentration is maintained by the supply of S1P from erythrocytes. Previously, we showed that S1P release from erythrocytes is mediated by an ATP-dependent transporter. In this study, we attempted to establish a rapid and reliable method for measuring the S1P transport activity in erythrocytes by using a fluorescent S1P analog, 7-nitro-2-1,3-benzoxadiazol-4-yl (NBD)-labeled S1P. NBD-S1P was released from erythrocytes in a time-dependent manner. The NBD-S1P release was reduced after exposure to glyburide, which is an inhibitor of the S1P transporter in erythrocytes. Moreover, the release of NBD-S1P and S1P from erythrocytes was competitively inhibited by intracellular S1P and NBD-S1P, respectively. These results showed that the erythrocyte S1P transporter exports NBD-S1P. We optimized the sample-preparation conditions and lipid extraction to increase the sensitivity of the assay. Furthermore, we successfully measured NBD-S1P release without lipid extraction by decreasing the concentration of BSA in the assay buffer to 0.1%. This method will be useful for the high-throughput screening of S1P transporter inhibitors using conventional fluorometers.
Cells release small extracellular vesicles (EVs) into the surrounding media. Upon virus infection cells also release virions that have the same size of some of the EVs. Both virions and EVs carry proteins of the cells that generated them and are antigenically heterogeneous. In spite of their diversity, both viruses and EVs were characterized predominantly by bulk analysis. Here, we describe an original nanotechnology-based high throughput method that allows the characterization of antigens on individual small particles using regular flow cytometers. Viruses or extracellular vesicles were immunocaptured with 15 nm magnetic nanoparticles (MNPs) coupled to antibodies recognizing one of the surface antigens. The captured virions or vesicles were incubated with fluorescent antibodies against other surface antigens. The resultant complexes were separated on magnetic columns from unbound antibodies and analyzed with conventional flow cytometers triggered on fluorescence. This method has wide applications and can be used to characterize the antigenic composition of any viral-and non-viral small particles generated by cells in vivo and in vitro. Here, we provide examples of the usage of this method to evaluate the distribution of host cell markers on individual HIV-1 particles, to study the maturation of individual Dengue virions (DENV), and to investigate extracellular vesicles released into the bloodstream.
Molecular pathological epidemiology (MPE) is an integrative field that utilizes molecular pathology to incorporate interpersonal heterogeneity of a disease process into epidemiology. In each individual, the development and progression of a disease are determined by a unique combination of exogenous and endogenous factors, resulting in different molecular and pathological subtypes of the disease. Based on "the unique disease principle," the primary aim of MPE is to uncover an interactive relationship between a specific environmental exposure and disease subtypes in determining disease incidence and mortality. This MPE approach can provide etiologic and pathogenic insights, potentially contributing to precision medicine for personalized prevention and treatment. Although breast, prostate, lung, and colorectal cancers have been among the most commonly studied diseases, the MPE approach can be used to study any disease. In addition to molecular features, host immune status and microbiome profile likely affect a disease process, and thus serve as informative biomarkers. As such, further integration of several disciplines into MPE has been achieved (e.g., pharmaco-MPE, immuno-MPE, and microbial MPE), to provide novel insights into underlying etiologic mechanisms. With the advent of high-throughput sequencing technologies, available genomic and epigenomic data have expanded dramatically. The MPE approach can also provide a specific risk estimate for each disease subgroup, thereby enhancing the impact of genome-wide association studies on public health. In this article, we present recent progress of MPE, and discuss the importance of accounting for the disease heterogeneity in the era of big-data health science and precision medicine.
Lung cancer is a leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Lung cancer risk factors, including smoking and exposure to environmental carcinogens, have been linked to chronic inflammation. An integral feature of inflammation is the activation, expansion and infiltration of diverse immune cell types, including CD4(+) T cells. Within this T cell subset are immunosuppressive regulatory T (Treg) cells and pro-inflammatory T helper 17 (Th17) cells that act in a fine balance to regulate appropriate adaptive immune responses. In the context of lung cancer, evidence suggests that Tregs promote metastasis and metastatic tumor foci development. Additionally, Th17 cells have been shown to be an integral component of the inflammatory milieu in the tumor microenvironment, and potentially involved in promoting distinct lung tumor phenotypes. Studies have shown that the composition of Tregs and Th17 cells are altered in the tumor microenvironment, and that these two CD4+ T cell subsets play active roles in promoting lung cancer progression and metastasis. We review current knowledge on the influence of Treg and Th17 cells on lung cancer tumorigenesis, progression, metastasis and prognosis. Furthermore, we discuss the potential biological and clinical implications of the balance among Treg/Th17 cells in the context of the lung tumor microenvironment and highlight the potential prognostic function and relationship to metastasis in lung cancer.
Increasing evidence suggests that regular physical exercise suppresses chronic inflammation. However, the potential inhibitory effects of swimming on dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced chronic colitis, and its underlying mechanisms, remain unclear. In this study, rats were orally administered DSS to induce chronic colitis, and subsequently treated with or without swimming exercise. A 7-week swimming program (1 or 1.5 hours per day, 5 days per week) ameliorated DSS-caused colon shortening, colon barrier disruption, spleen enlargement, serum LDH release, and reduction of body weight gain. Swimming for 1.5 hours per day afforded greater protection than 1 hour per day. Swimming ameliorated DSS-induced decrease in crypt depth, and increases in myeloperoxidase activity, infiltration of Ly6G(+) neutrophils and TNF-alpha- and IFN-gamma-expressing CD3(+) T cells, as well as fecal calprotectin and lactoferrin. Swimming inhibited pro-inflammatory cytokine and chemokine production and decreased the protein expression of phosphorylated nuclear factor-kappa B p65 and cyclooxygenase 2, whereas it elevated interleukin-10 levels. Swimming impeded the generation of reactive oxygen species, malondialdehyde, and nitric oxide; however, it boosted glutathione levels, total antioxidant capacity, and superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities. Additionally, swimming decreased caspase-3 activity and expression of apoptosis-inducing factor, cytochrome c, Bax, and cleaved-caspase- 3, but increased Bcl-2 levels. Overall, these results suggest that swimming exerts beneficial effects on DSS-induced chronic colitis by modulating inflammation, oxidative stress, and apoptosis.
Given immunity's general role in the organism's economy-both in terms of its internal environment as well as mediating its external relations-immune theory has expanded its traditional formulation of preserving individual autonomy to one that includes accounting for nutritional processes and symbiotic relationships that require immune tolerance. When such a full ecological alignment is adopted, the immune system becomes the mediator of both defensive and assimilative environmental intercourse, where a balance of immune rejection and tolerance governs the complex interactions of the organism's ecological relationships. Accordingly, immunology, which historically had affiliated with the biology of individuals, now becomes a science concerned with the biology of communities. With this translocation, the ontological basis of the organism is undergoing a profound change. Indeed, the recent recognition of the ubiquity of symbiosis has challenged the traditional notions of biological individuality and requires a shift in the metaphysics undergirding biology, in which a philosophy of the organism must be characterized by ecological dialectics "all-the-way-down.".
Diversity in major histocompatibility complex (MHC) genes can be correlated with the level of immunological fitness of an individual or group of individuals. This study tested published primer sets designed to amplify fragments of the MHC Class II DAB and DBB genes to amplify the equivalent gene fragments in red-tailed phascogales (Phascogale calura). Seventeen genomic DNA samples extracted from phascogale muscle tissue were used to amplify the initial DAB and DBB fragments; however, only DAB PCR proved successful. The fragments were 172 bp in length between the primers and had a high level of identity to other known marsupial MHC Class II DAB gene sequences (89-98%), including those of the koala (Phascolarctos cinereus), Tasmanian devil (Sarcophilus harrisii), commonbrushtail possum (Trichosurus vulpecula) and several wallaby species. Multiple sequence alignment revealed limited variability of MHC Class II genes between the individuals, but eight individual sequences in total. Genomic DNA was subsequently extracted from three fresh red-tailed phascogale scat samples and DAB fragments successfully amplified. The technique will allow for red-tailed phascogales to be sampled non-invasively in the wild and to determine the level of MHC diversity among individuals in the population.
Recurrent pneumonia with cavitation leading to pneumatoceles, secondary fungal infections, and hemoptysis are major causes of mortality and morbidity in patients with hyper-IgE syndrome. Prevention and aggressive treatment of pneumonia in these patients are essential to prevent further lung damage, but treatment may be delayed because the classic signs/symptoms of infection such as fever, chills, or rigors may be lacking. Early imaging to identify infection is essential for diagnosis and treatment. The mainstay of therapy is continuous, full-dose daily trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and commonly fungal coverage. Because hyper-IgE syndrome is a progressive disease, patients' condition may worsen despite compliance with prophylactic therapy. (C) 2016 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Foot-and-mouth disease virus (FMDV) is a highly contagious viral disease. Antibodies are pivotal in providing protection against FMDV infection. Serological protection against one FMDV serotype does not confer interserotype protection. However, some historical data have shown that interserotype protection can be induced following sequential FMDV challenge with multiple FMDV serotypes. In this study, we have investigated the kinetics of the FMDV-specific antibody-secreting cell (ASC) response following homologous and heterologous inactivated FMDV vaccination regimes. We have demonstrated that the kinetics of the B cell response are similar for all four FMDV serotypes tested following a homologous FMDV vaccination regime. When a heterologous vaccination regime was used with the sequential inoculation of three different inactivated FMDV serotypes (O, A, and Asia1 serotypes) a B cell response to FMDV SAT1 and serotype C was induced. The studies also revealed that the local lymphoid tissue had detectable FMDV-specific ASCs in the absence of circulating FMDV-specific ASCs, indicating the presence of short-lived ASCs, a hallmark of a T-independent 2 (TI-2) antigenic response to inactivated FMDV capsid. IMPORTANCE We have demonstrated the development of intraserotype response following a sequential vaccination regime of four different FMDV serotypes. We have found indication of short-lived ASCs in the local lymphoid tissue, further evidence of a TI-2 response to FMDV.
Background: Alloimmunization against human platelet antigens (HPAs) can occur prenatally and induce fetal/neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (FNAIT). The aim of this study was to identify placental histological features associated with platelet alloimmunization and their clinical significance. Methods: This study examined 21 placentas from FNAIT-affected pregnancies and 42 age-matched control cases, all collected from pathology departments in the Rhone-Alpes region. Clinical and laboratory findings were collected for each FNAIT case. Two pathologists reviewed the placental slides of each FNAIT and control case. Histological features, with special emphasis on chronic inflammatory lesions, were evaluated. Differences between the two groups were calculated with odds ratios (ORs) and assessed with Wald's chi-square. Results: FNAIT was associated with a significantly higher frequency of chronic chorioamnionitis (CC) (OR 14, 95%Cl 1.7-113.8), basal chronic villitis (BCV) (OR 17, 95%CI 2-145.6) and chronic intervillositis (CIV). Chronic villitis (CV) (OR 3.7, 95%CI 0.9-15.2) and chronic deciduitis (CD) (OR 4.7, 95%CI 0.79-28.2) were also more frequent in the FNAIT than the control group, but these differences were not statistically significant. Conclusions: FNAIT is significantly associated with CC, BCV, and CIV. This chronic inflammatory reaction is preferentially localized on the maternofetal interface. Anti-HPA alloimmunization may trigger an immunological conflict similar to graft-versus-host disease. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Purpose: The aim of this study was to provide the first formal evaluation of a unique 12-session group therapy programme developed by the UK-based National Association for People Abused as Children (NAPAC). Method: The therapy outcomes of this programme were assessed using the CORE-OM tool. Clients comprised 26 individuals (7 males and 19 females), with an age range of 19-67 (mean = 41; SD = 12.76). Clients were survivors of sexual, physical, emotional or neglectful childhood abuse, or a combination of these, and were from four different locations: London (n = 9), Bury (n = 4), Belfast (n = 8) and prison (n = 5). Findings: Across all CORE domains, improvements were shown from pre-to post-therapy. No gender or age differences were revealed, and improvements were shown across both community members and prison inmates. Implications: A person-centred approach to group therapy is beneficial to a wide range of adult clients within the community and prison settings that require therapy after historical sexual, physical, emotional or neglectful childhood abuse.
Abuse-related trauma remains a global health issue. However, there is paucity in nationwide reports. We aim to estimate the incidence of abuse-related trauma forward medical care and identify its characteristics and clinical course in Taiwan. Patients with trauma between 2005 and 2007 that occurred 3 months before or after a diagnosis of abuse were identified from a randomly sampled nationwide longitudinal health insurance database of 1 million beneficiaries. The patients' demographic data, injury pattern, and medical resource utilization were measured, stratified by age and sex, and compared using chi-square test. Risk factors of next trauma event were identified using Cox regression analysis. Ninety-three patients (65 females) were identified (mean age, 20.6 +/- 16.3 years), including 61.3% under 18 years of age. For the first trauma event, 68 patients (73.1%) visited the emergency room, 63 (67.7%) received intervention, and 14 (15.1%) needed hospital care. Seven (7.5%), all less than 11 years old, had intracranial hemorrhage and required intensive care. Thirty-three (35.5%) left with complications or sequelae, or required rehabilitation, but all survived. Of the 34 victims of sexual abuse, 32 were aged less than 18 years. Men received more mood stabilizers or antipsychotics (50.0% vs 10.7%, P = 0.030) and reeducative psychotherapy (25.0% vs 0, P = 0.044). Risk factors for a next trauma event were injury involving the extremities (hazard ratio [HR]: 5.27 [2.45-11.33]) and use of antibiotics (HR: 4.21 [1.45-12.24]) on the first trauma event. Abuse-related trauma has heterogeneous presentations among subgroups. Clinicians should be alert in providing timely diagnosis and individualized intervention.
The current study tested the hypothesis that mothers who have experienced child maltreatment and aggression within their adult relationships may be at particular risk for misinterpreting infant emotions, leading to less sensitive parenting behaviors. Participants were 120 pregnant women recruited for a larger, longitudinal study investigating the role of psychosocial and environmental risk on women and their young children. Data were collected during the third trimester of pregnancy, and when children were 1 and 2 years of age. Participants completed a projective test designed to elicit individual differences in perceptions of infant emotions and an observer-rated assessment of parenting behaviors was conducted in the family home. Using structural equation modeling, we tested associations between maternal interpersonal aggression exposure and perceptions of infant emotion and parenting behaviors. Results demonstrated that a history of child abuse and intimate partner conflict were associated with a maternal tendency to view ambiguous infant facial expressions as negative (i.e., negative attribution bias), and in turn, with less parenting sensitivity over time. Findings suggest that negative attributions of infant emotion may be 1 mechanism by which a history of trauma and violence exposure contributes to less sensitive parenting for some mothers. Implications for intervention include the need for trauma-informed clinical services and psychoeducational methods that help mothers more accurately read and respond to infant emotional expression and bids for connection.
State statutes regarding the best interests of the child (BIC) in deciding disputed custody were reviewed and independently coded with respect to three issues (i) the child's preference and any limits (ii) parental alienation and (iii) psychological maltreatment. Results revealed that many states allowed for the child's preferences to be considered and none qualified that preference when undue influence has occurred; parental alienation as a term was not found in any state statutes but 70% of the states included at least one BIC factor relevant to its core construct of the parent supporting the child's relationship to the other parent; and many states included a history of domestic violence or child abuse but only three states explicitly mentioned psychological maltreatment. These findings highlight yet another way in which the BICS factors lack specificity in ways that could negatively impact children caught in their parents' conflict.
We reviewed and meta-analyzed 10 studies (N = 492) that examined the association between (risk for) child maltreatment perpetration and basal autonomic activity, and 10 studies (N = 471) that examined the association between (risk for) child maltreatment and autonomic stress reactivity. We hypothesized that maltreating parents/at-risk adults would show higher basal levels of heart rate (HR) and skin conductance (SC) and lower levels of HR variability (HRV) and would show greater HR and SC stress reactivity, but blunted HRV reactivity. A narrative review showed that evidence from significance testing within and across studies was mixed. The first set of meta-analyses revealed that (risk for) child maltreatment was associated with higher HR baseline activity (g = 0.24), a possible indication of allostatic load. The second set of meta-analyses yielded no differences in autonomic stress reactivity between maltreating/at-risk participants and nonmaltreating/low-risk comparison groups. Cumulative meta-analyses showed that positive effects for sympathetic stress reactivity as a risk factor for child maltreatment were found in a few early studies, whereas each subsequently aggregated study reduced the combined effect size to a null effect, an indication of the winner's curse. Most studies were underpowered. Future directions for research are suggested.
This essay will examine the expos of the realities regarding poverty, immorality and sexual crime in the Irish Free State by the radical journal Honesty (1925-1931). Honesty was edited by the socialist republican James W. Upton, a man with a longstanding commitment to the rights of women and the poor. Upton was by instinct anti-establishment in an era when the country's religio-political leadership was insecure and keen to manage the Free State's news agenda. Something they attempted in the service of projecting what was viewed as an ideologically acceptable image of life in the Free Sate, to both domestic and foreign audiences. Upton viewed this policy as a manifestation of the social and political cant favoured by the Free State's leadership, which was aided and abetted by, and gave succour to, the hypocrisy of wider bourgeois Free State society. A coalition of forces, Upton reasoned, that damaged the interests of the most vulnerable sections of Irish society, in particular, the nation's women and children living on or below the breadline. However, notwithstanding it radicalism and reputation in the Free State, Honesty has been largely lost to the history of Irish journalism.
Legislation in the United States, such as the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act and the Individuals With Disabilities Education Improvement Act, mandates service system collaboration to meet the complex needs of young children with disabilities who have experienced abuse. This literature review examines extant literature related to young children with disabilities who have experienced abuse. Gaps in the literature are identified and future directions are discussed.
Objective: The purpose of this study was to present a case report and review the relevant literature on laxative-induced dermatitis being mistaken for scald injury and child abuse. Case: A 33-month-old girl presented with partial thickness burn to the buttocks and perineum, which were suspected to be caused by child abuse. On further investigation, the parents had been administering large doses of laxatives to the child for chronic constipation. Discussion: Child abuse by burning has characteristic physical examination findings, which differ from the pattern of laxative-induced dermatitis that has been reported in the literature. Diapers appear to be a risk factor for laxative-induced dermatitis. Surprisingly, the dose of laxative does not correlate with the severity of the burn injury. All physicians must be aware of the possibility of laxative-induced dermatitis mimicking scald burn injury to the buttocks. Parents should be educated about the risk of administering over-the-counter laxatives to children.
Child sexual abuse (CSA) affects over 62,000 children annually in the United States. A primary obstacle to the success of a public health prevention strategy is the lack of knowledge around community level risk factors for CSA. We evaluated community level characteristics for children seeking care for suspected CSA in the Greater Houston area for 2009. There was a total incidence rate of medical evaluations for suspected CSA of 5.9/1000 children. We abstracted the medical charts of 1982 (86 %) children who sought a medical evaluation for suspected CSA at three main medical systems in the Greater Houston area for 2009. We evaluated 18 community level variables from the American Community Survey for the 396 zip codes these children lived in. The mean number of cases per Greater Houston zip code was 2.77 (range 0-27), with 62 % of zip codes not having a case at any of the three sites surveyed. Zip codes with a higher than Houston average rate of vacant houses, never married females and unemployed labor force with high family poverty rate, were associated with an increased rate of children seeking care for suspected CSA. We demonstrated zip codes level characteristics which were associated with an increased rate of children seeking care for suspected CSA. Our modelling process and our data have implications for community based strategies aimed at improved surveillance or prevention of CSA. The process of identifying locally specific community level factors suggests target areas which have particular socioeconomic characteristics which are associated with increased rate of seeking CSA evaluations.
Objectives Inappropriate discipline such as harsh physical punishment is a social determinant of health. The objective was to determine if a brief parent training intervention that teaches discipline strategies is culturally sensitive. Methods English or Spanish-speaking parents of 1-5 year old children viewed a multimedia program that teaches appropriate discipline strategies. The intervention, Play Nicely, was viewed in the exam room before the physician's visit. Parents viewed 4 of 20 discipline strategies of their choosing; the average viewing time was 7 min. Results Of 204 parents eligible to participate, 197 (96 %) completed the study; 41 % were Black, 31 % were White, and 21 % were Hispanic. At least 80 % of parents from each racial/ethnic group reported that the program built their confidence to care for their child, addressed their family needs, explained things in a way they could understand, respected their family values, and was sensitive to their personal beliefs. Overall, 80 % of parents reported that the program answered individual questions. One parent (0.5 %) reported that the program did not respect her family values. Conclusions for Practice Discipline education can be integrated into the pediatric primary care clinic in a way that is family-centered and culturally sensitive for the majority of parents. The results have implications for the development and implementation of population-based parenting programs and the primary prevention of child abuse and violence.
This study investigated the structural, biomechanical and fractographic features of rib fractures in a piglet model, to test the hypothesis that fist impact, apart from thoracic squeezing, may result in lateral costal fractures as observed in abused infants. A mechanical fist with an accelerometer was constructed and fixed to a custom jig. Twenty stillborn piglets in the supine position were impacted on the thoracic cage. The resultant force versus time curves from the accelerometer data showed a number of steps indicative of rib fracture. The correlation between impact force and number of fractures was statistically significant (Pearson's r=0.528). Of the fractures visualized, 15 completely pierced the parietal pleura of the thoracic wall, and 5 had butterfly fracture patterning. Scanning electron microscopy showed complete bone fractures, at the zone of impact, were normal to the axis of the ribs. Incomplete vertical fractures, with bifurcation, occurred on the periphery of the contact zone. This work suggests the mechanism of rib failure during a fist impact is typical of the transverse fracture pattern in the anterolateral region associated with cases of non-accidental rib injury. The impact events investigated have a velocity of similar to 2-3 m/s, approximately 2 x 10(4) times faster than previous quasi-static axial and bending tests. While squeezing the infantile may induce buckle fractures in the anterior as well as posterior region of the highly flexible bones, a fist punch impact event may result in anterolateral transverse fractures. Hence, these findings suggest that the presence of anterolateral rib fractures may result from impact rather than manual compression. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Child maltreatment can lead to acute and long-term consequences, and it is important that at-risk children are identified early. Child healthcare (CHC) nurses in Sweden are in a position to identify child maltreatment, as they follow children and their parents from the child's birth to school age. Therefore, the aim was to describe CHC nurses' experiences when encountering families in which child maltreatment was identified or suspected. Individual open interviews with eight CHC nurses were performed and analysed using a qualitative content analysis. Findings revealed that keeping the child in focus, while supporting the family was essential for the nurses. This family-centred approach was assumed to benefit the child's interests. Meeting families where child maltreatment was identified or suspected influenced the nurses, emotionally in different ways. Nevertheless, it was important to keep an open mind and communication build on honesty. Furthermore, the nurses requested professional supervision in order to help them learn from the situation ahead of the next time. This knowledge about CHC nurses' experiences may form a basis for the development of interventions that aim to support the CHC nurses in their professional role, and thereby improve support to children and parents in the future.
Trauma, especially early life trauma, is a risk factor for the development of both posttraumatic stress disorder and psychosis. The goal of the present study was to determine specific associations between exposure to childhood abuse, PTSD symptoms, and current psychotic disorder. Subjects were recruited from a public, urban hospital (N = 328, >90% African American). Psychotic disorders were measured using the MINI International Neuropsychiatric Interview, PTSD was measured using the Clinician Administered PTSD Scale, child abuse was measured with the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire, and lifetime trauma exposure was measured with the Traumatic Events Inventory. Logistic regression analyses showed that both child abuse and current PTSD were statistically significant predictors of psychotic disorder beyond the effects of lifetime trauma load. When PTSD symptom clusters were examined, avoidance and numbing symptoms showed unique association with psychotic disorder independent of demographic variables and trauma exposure. Using bootstrapping techniques, we found a full indirect effect of PTSD on the association between child abuse and, suggesting a particularly important role of PTSD symptoms in relation to psychotic disorder in the presence of early life trauma. Because this is a cross-sectional study, continued research is needed to determine causality of such models. Identifying co-occurring psychosis and PTSD, particularly in populations with high levels of trauma exposure, is critical and will likely aid in more successful treatment interventions. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
To gain a better understanding of the dimensions, characteristics and phenomenon of child maltreatment and its policy responses in the Philippines, this article provides a systematic review of the peer reviewed literature. This review provides a summary and analysis of the core child maltreatment issues in the Philippines and examines child protection policy responses. It takes a systematic approach, identifying 31 peer reviewed articles from a diverse range of scholarship that met its criteria, and subjected to a quality appraisal tool. Its findings provide important details about child maltreatment and child protection arrangements in the Philippines. It recommends further research into policy and programmatic approaches to child maltreatment, a greater focus on the social, cultural and structural influences on child maltreatment, and investigation into child maltreatment, particularly child sexual abuse, in contexts outside of the home, such as in institutions.
Purpose It is common to evaluate children who have sustained minor head trauma with computed tomography (CT) of the head. Scalp swelling, in particular, has been associated with intracranial injury. A subset of patients, however, present in delayed fashion, often days after the head trauma, as soft tissue edema progresses and their caregiver notices scalp swelling. We explore the value of further workup in this setting. Methods We conducted a retrospective review of a prospectively collected cohort of children <= 24 months of age presenting to the Texas Children's Hospital with scalp swelling more than 24 h following a head trauma. Cases were collected over a 2-year study period from June 1, 2014 to May 31, 2016. Results Seventy-six patients comprising 78 patient encounters were included in our study. The mean age at presentation was 8.8 months (range 3 days-24 months). All patients had noncontrast CT of the head as part of their evaluation by emergency medicine, as well as screening for nonaccidental trauma (NAT) by the Child Protection Team. The most common finding on CT head was a linear/nondisplaced skull fracture (SF) with associated extra-axial hemorrhage (epidural or subdural hematoma), which was found in 31/78 patient encounters (40%). Of all 78 patient encounters, 43 patients (55%) were discharged from the emergency room (ER), 17 patients (22%) were admitted for neurologic monitoring, and 18 patients (23%) were admitted solely to allow further NAT evaluation. Of those patients admitted, none experienced a neurologic decline and all had nonfocal neurologic exams on discharge. No patient returned to the ER in delayed fashion for a neurologic decline. Of all the patient encounters, no patient required surgery. Conclusions Pediatric patients <= 24 months of age presenting to the ER in delayed fashion with scalp swelling after minor head trauma-who were otherwise nonfocal on examination-did not require surgical intervention and did not experience any neurologic decline. Further radiographic investigation did not alter neurosurgical management in these patients; however, it should be noted that workup for child abuse and social care may have been influenced by CT findings, suggesting the need for the future development of a clinical decision-making tool to help safely avoid CT imaging in this setting.
This study uses large, longitudinal, multisector administrative datasets of families investigated by child welfare services for maltreatment to explore which children are more likely to later enter psychiatric residential treatment facilities. This question is grounded in a pressing interest to understand these costly, highly restrictive mental health treatment settings. We use statewide data from one Southeastern state linked from multiple systems (child welfare services, income maintenance, and Medicaid). We use Cox regression analyses to develop models predicting psychiatric residential treatment facilities entry among children 5-17 years, whose families were investigated for maltreatment between 2003 and 2012 (n = 182,676). Findings show children from these families who enter foster care have a heightened risk for psychiatric residential treatment facilities entry (hazard ratio = 11.63), after controlling for other factors. Study findings build on a body of research underscoring the importance of the overlap of child welfare and mental health systems to child well-being.
Parental sense of competence is one of the central dimensions targeted on psychosocial interventions aimed at supporting at-risk families. Researchers and practitioners need reliable instruments to assess the parental role adapted for these families. Although the parental sense of competence (PSOC) scale has been frequently used to assess this construct, there is still no adapted version for Portuguese parents. In this study, the reliability, validity and factor structure of the PSOC scale is examined with a clinical sample of 146 mothers from at-risk families receiving psychosocial interventions for family preservation from Child Protective Services. Results show that the Portuguese version of the PSOC measures three distinct constructs with acceptable psychometric properties: efficacy, dissatisfaction and controllability. As expected, the obtained factors were significantly and positively related to parenting alliance and family cohesion, and negatively associated with parenting stress. In sum, the proposed Portuguese version shows reliability and validity evidences to measure three relevant dimensions of parental self-evaluation, and it constitutes a cost- and time-effective instrument suited for at-risk mothers.
Objective: Traumatic brain injury causes substantial morbidity and mortality in children. Posttraumatic seizures may worsen outcomes after traumatic brain injury. Posttraumatic seizures risk factors are not completely understood. Our objective was to clarify posttraumatic seizures risk factors in a large cohort of children with severe traumatic brain injury. Design: Retrospective cohort study of a probabilistically linked dataset from the National Trauma Data Bank and the Pediatric Health Information Systems database, 2007-2010. Setting: Twenty-nine U.S. children's hospitals. Patients: A total of 2,122 children (age, < 18 yr old at admission) with linked National Trauma Data Bank and Pediatric Health Information Systems records, severe (emergency department Glasgow Coma Scale, < 8) traumatic brain injury, hospital length of stay more than 24 hours, and nonmissing disposition. Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: The outcome was posttraumatic seizures, identified using validated International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification diagnosis codes. Prespecified candidate predictors of posttraumatic seizures included age, injury mechanism, emergency department Glasgow Coma Scale, intracranial hemorrhage type, hypoxia, hypotension, and cardiac arrest. Posttraumatic seizures were diagnosed in 25.2% of children with severe traumatic brain injury. In those without abuse/assault or subdural hemorrhage, the posttraumatic seizures rate varied between 36.6% in those less than 2 years old and 16.4% in those 14-17 years old. Age, abusive mechanism, and subdural hemorrhage are each significant predictors of posttraumatic seizures. The risk of posttraumatic seizures has a complex relationship with these predictors. The estimated odds of posttraumatic seizures decrease with advancing age, odds ratio equal to 0.929 (0.905-0.954) per additional year of age with no abuse/assault and no subdural hemorrhage; odds ratio equal to 0.820 (0.730-0.922) per additional year of age when abuse and subdural hemorrhage are present. An infant with accidental traumatic brain injury and subdural hemorrhage has approximately the same estimated probability of posttraumatic seizures as an abused infant without subdural hemorrhage (47% [95% CI, 39-55%] vs 50% [95% CI, 41-58%]; p = 0.69). The triad of young age, injury by abuse/assault, and subdural hemorrhage confers the greatest estimated probability for posttraumatic seizures (60% [95% CI, 53-66%]). Conclusions: Posttraumatic seizures risk in children with severe traumatic brain injury is greatest with a triad of younger age, injury by abuse/assault, and subdural hemorrhage. However, posttraumatic seizures are common even in the absence of these factors.
The quality of the caregiver-child relationship is key to the well-being of children but assumptions based on research in western countries about the benefits of different types of substitute care may be questionable when applied elsewhere. This study assessed the quality of caregiver-child relationships and their association with child abuse in foster and residential care in Nigeria. The findings are relevant to European and North American countries as 4% of those looked after and 6% of care entrants in England are of African heritage and it is too easy to draw wrong conclusions about the care they might have received in their own countries. The study scrutinised 314 children aged 7-17 years from foster (157) and residential care settings (157) and assessed the caregiver-child relationship using the Positive Relationship Scale. The child abuse measure covered physical, sexual and emotional components and aggregated these into a single score. The subsequent analysis explored differences in child abuse between foster and residential care and the significance of other factors influencing levels of child abuse. It was found that the children in residential care had more positive relationships with caregivers than did those in foster care, even though abuse occurred in both settings. There were no gender differences in experiences of child abuse in either setting but children under the age of 12 were significantly more likely to have been abused while in care than those over this age. For children in residential care, age was the most significant factor associated with abuse. As these findings provide a perspective on children in substitute care in a West African city, they may be useful to social workers elsewhere who are responsible for children of African heritage, as they suggest that abuse often occurs in foster homes and that child-carer relationships in residential establishments can be good.
Recognition of physical child abuse is imperative for ensuring children's safety. Screening tools (ST) may increase identification of physical abuse; however, the extent of their use is unknown. This study assessed use of STs for physical abuse in children's hospitals and determined attitudes regarding STs. A web-based survey was sent to child abuse program contacts at 103 children's hospitals. The survey assessed institutional use of a ST for physical abuse and characteristics of the ST used. Respondents were asked to identify benefits and liabilities of STs used or barriers to ST use. Seventy-two respondents (70 %) completed the survey; most (64 %) were child abuse pediatricians. Nine (13 %) respondents reported using a ST for physical abuse; STs varied in length, population, administration, and outcomes of a positive screen. Most respondents (86 %) using a ST felt that it increased detection of abuse. Barriers noted included lack of time for development and provider completion of a ST. While few respondents endorsed use of a ST for physical abuse, most believed that it increased detection of abuse. Future research should focus on development of a brief, uniform ST for physical abuse which may increase detection in at-risk children.
A correlation between socioeconomic disadvantage and child maltreatment has long been observed, but the drivers of this association are poorly understood. We sought to estimate the effects of economic factors on risk of child maltreatment after adjusting for other known influences using the Australian Temperament Project, a population-based birth cohort of 2443 individuals and their parents. We used logistic regression to estimate associations of childhood economic factors (parental education, occupation, and unemployment; type of housing; and retrospective perception of poverty) with retrospective reports of perceived child maltreatment (physical abuse, sexual abuse, emotional abuse, neglect, and witnessing of domestic violence), controlling for demographic factors, parental mental health and substance use, and child health. We then used these estimates to approximate the proportions of child maltreatment population attributable fractions that are theoretically preventable by addressing childhood economic disadvantage. Economic factors were associated with all types of child maltreatment. For the most part, these associations diminished only partially when controlling for noneconomic con-founders, supporting hypotheses of causal relationships. Jointly, economic factors were significant predictors of physical abuse, sexual abuse, and witnessing of domestic violence but not of emotional abuse or neglect. Retrospective perceptions of childhood poverty were, in particular, strongly associated with most forms of child maltreatment but not with sexual abuse after accounting for other economic factors. We estimated that 27% of all child maltreatment was jointly attributable to economic factors. These findings suggest that strategies that reduce economic disadvantage are likely to hold significant potential to reduce the prevalence of child maltreatment. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Forensic clinical anatomy is a new practical application of the discipline of Clinical Anatomy for ascertaining and evaluating medicolegal questions. In particular, individual anatomy (normal anatomy, anatomical variations, age-, disease-, or surgery-related modifications) can acquire significant relevance in various fields of legal medicine such as child abuse, sudden death, medical responsibility and/or liability, personal injury and damage. Anatomical data of forensic interest frequently arise from the correct application of methods of ascertainment; anatomical methods may then be required for further comprehensive analysis. The rigorous interpretation of anatomical data, derived from the ascertainment phase and analyzed on the basis of pertinent literature, can be pivotal for the correct application of evaluation criteria in various forensic contexts. Clin. Anat. 30:2-5, 2017. (c) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
This paper examines the association between the Great Recession and four measures of the risk for maternal child abuse and neglect: (1) maternal physical aggression; (2) maternal psychological aggression; (3) physical neglect by mothers; and (4) supervisory/exposure neglect by mothers. It draws on rich longitudinal data from the Fragile Families and Child Wellbeing Study, a longitudinal birth cohort study of families in 20 U.S. cities (N = 3177; 50% African American, 25% Hispanic; 22% non-Hispanic white; 3% other). The study collected information for the 9 year follow-up survey before, during, and after the Great Recession (2007-2010). Interview dates were linked to two macroeconomic measures of the Great Recession: the national Consumer Sentiment Index and the local unemployment rate. Also included are a wide range of socio-demographic controls, as well as city fixed effects and controls for prior parenting. Results indicate that the Great Recession was associated with increased risk of child abuse but decreased risk of child neglect. Households with social fathers present may have been particularly adversely affected. Results also indicate that economic uncertainty during the Great Recession, as measured by the Consumer Sentiment Index and the unemployment rate, had direct effects on the risk of abuse or neglect, which were not mediated by individual-level measures of economic hardship or poor mental health. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Objective: Early victimization elevates children's risk for developing psychopathology. Recent findings suggest that disruptions in developmental processes related to symptoms of posttraumatic stress (PTS) may partially account for the association between early victimization and subsequent psychopathology. The present study prospectively tested the temporal sequencing of these associations using, multiinformant measurements in a large, diverse sample of children at high risk for victimization. Method: This study measured victimization (i.e., direct, indirect, familial, and nonfamilial violence), PTS, externalizing, and internalizing problems among 1154 children (561 girls and 593 boys) who participated in the Longitudinal Studies of Child Abuse and Neglect (LONGSCAN). Results: Structural equation modeling revealed that, in addition to directly impacting psychopathology, childhood victimization contributed to escalations in internalizing and externalizing problems as children transitioned from middle to late childhood indirectly through PTS. The mediational role of PTS was largely similar for girls and boys and for those who were investigated for early reports of maltreatment and those identified early as at-risk for victimization. Conclusions: This study delineated the role of PTS in the development of psychopathology following early victimization. These findings highlight the importance of carefully assessing for underlying trauma symptoms when considering diverse presentations of psychopathology among youth who have been victimized.
Background: Early life stress (ELS) and addiction are related to age-related diseases and telomere shortening. However, the role of telomere length (TL) in crack cocaine addiction remains unknown. The purpose of this study was to investigate the TL in a sample of crack cocaine dependent-women who reported an ELS history and in a community-based sample of elderly women as a reference group for senescence. Methods: This study included treatment seeking crack cocaine dependents women (n = 127) and elderly women without a psychiatric diagnosis (ELD, n = 49). The crack cocaine sample was divided in two groups according to their Childhood Trauma Questionnaire (CTQ) scores: presence of history of childhood abuse and neglect (CRACK-ELS) and absence of ELS history (CRACK). TL was assessed by T/S ratio obtained from peripheral blood DNA using quantitative PCR assay. esults: CRACK and CRACK-ELS subjects exhibited shortened TL in comparison to the ELD group, despite their younger age. Among crack cocaine sample, CRACK-ELS group had significantly shorter telomeres than the CRACK group. Correlation analysis within crack cocaine group indicated that TL was negatively correlated with emotional abuse scores. Conclusions: These results support previous findings associating telomere shortening with both ELS and drug addiction. This study suggests new evidence of a distinct biological phenotype for drug-dependent women with ELS. The results support the biological senescence hypothesis underpinning ELS experience. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The risk for using child abuse images (CAI) is difficult to assess, especially as it mostly remains undetected by legal authorities. The present study investigates the association of aspects of sexual preference and dynamic risk factors with CAI only and mixed offending (CAI and child sexual abuse) over lifetime and within six months prior to assessment. A sample of 190 undetected, self-identified pedo- and/or hebephiles was investigated. Multinomial logistic regression analyses revealed that sexual preoccupation is of great importance, especially for recent CAI only and mixed offending, as well as lifetime mixed offending. Although inconclusive, a sexual preference for early-pubescent children seems to be of interest for recent and lifetime offending. A sexual preference for prepubescent children, additional paraphilias and sexualised coping have shown some, although no statistically meaningful association with lifetime offending. Gender preference, exclusivity of pedohebephilia and offence-supportive attitudes did not show any significant relation with offending behaviour.
Research examining children with sexual behavior problems (SBP) almost exclusively relies on caregiver reports. The current study, involving a sample of 1112 children drawn from a prospective study, utilizes child self-reports and teacher reports, as well caregiver-reports. First, analyses examined children displaying any SBP; a second set of analyses specifically examined children displaying interpersonal forms of SBP. Caregivers reported greater internalizing, externalizing, and social problems for children with general SBP and/or interpersonal SBP when compared to children without SBP. Caregiver concerns were rarely corroborated by teacher and child reports. Protective services records indicated that SBP was linked to childhood sexual abuse, but sexual abuse occurred in the minority of these cases. Physical abuse was more common among children with interpersonal forms of SBP. The data in the current study suggest the need for multiple reporters when assessing children presenting with SBP and that conventional views of these children may be misleading.
Children often need help before their parents are ready to stop fighting. Children at the center of high-conflict disputes, particularly those who resist contact with a parent, face extraordinary risks of maladjustment. Years of investigation and litigation may precede any meaningful attempt at intervention, based on the questionable belief that all elements of causality (or blame) must be established before any effective treatment can occur. Children's functioning may continue to deteriorate during this time, undermining their future adjustment and reducing the chance of successful intervention later. We illustrate the application of the coping-focused, multisystemic Child Centered Conjoint Therapy model to assisting these families. Methods to assist children without compromising external investigations are discussed.
Context: Psychosocial factors can impact lung transplant outcomes. However, it is currently unknown whether abuse survivorship influences lung transplant survival. Objective: To characterize the abuse history of adult lung transplant patients and determine whether such history is associated with mortality. Patients and Other Participants: Adult lung transplant recipients evaluated from 2000 to 2004. Main Outcome Measures: The main outcome was post-lung transplantation survival. The secondary outcomes included demographic, transplantation, or psychological assessment differences between those with a history of abuse survivorship and those without. Results: Thirty-three lung transplant recipients (35.5% male, median age: 55 years) were included. A history of abuse survivorship was common (24.2%) and was associated with decreased survival following lung transplantation (P = .003). There was no difference in sex, marital status, or smoking history between abuse survivors and those who denied being the victim of abuse. Abuse survivors had a higher Personality Assessment Screener total score, a measure of maladaptive personality traits (P = .02). Conclusion: Abuse survivorship is common in lung transplant patients and associated with increased posttransplant mortality and increased maladaptive personality traits. This preliminary evidence suggests that lung transplant patients should be screened for abuse history and provided with appropriate treatment of survivorship issues to potentially improve their health outcomes from transplantation.
Background Low engagement in prenatal home visiting may limit programme effectiveness to improve birth outcomes. Multiple factors may influence engagement. Methods A retrospective cohort study of first-time mothers enrolled in home visiting prenatally in southwest Ohio from 2007 to 2010. The primary outcome was enrolment by 20weeks' gestation; a secondary outcome included home visit frequency. Two multilevel assessments were conducted using random intercept multilevel modelling; maternal covariates were nested first within the home visiting agency and then within the ZIP code. In the first model, variations attributable to individual agency and agency volume were assessed. In the second model nested within the ZIP code, violence rates by ZIP code and interaction terms between violence rates and maternal factors were evaluated. Results Of 837 women, 25.3% enrolled 20weeks and 7.4% enrolled early and received 75% of expected visits. The first model demonstrated a significant variation in early enrolment based on clustering by agency (p<0.001), however, agency volume was not a significant predictor. In the second model, violence rate was not associated with early enrolment (AOR 0.92, p=0.08), but an interaction term with maternal race was significant (p=0.02). The effect of increasing community violence disproportionately affected early enrolment among white women (AOR 0.80, p=0.005) compared with black women (AOR 0.95, p=0.30). In both the random intercept multilevel models, teenagers demonstrated a decreased likelihood of enrolling early (AOR 0.58, p=0.046 and AOR 0.49, p=0.004). Conclusions Prenatal home visiting engagement is related to maternal, agency and community factors, presenting multiple opportunities to optimise programme implementation.
This study explored the influences on living arrangements of orphans and vulnerable children (OVC) housed at a community-based home in Johannesburg, South Africa. A total of 50 OVC (males = 36%, females = 64%; age range 11 to 18 years) completed an open-ended questionnaire, while some of them also participated in individual interviews and focus group discussions on how they became residents of the community-based home. The data were thematically analysed. Findings suggest their choice to live in a community-based care setting to have been influenced by homelessness with accompanying poverty, health issues, experiences of child abuse and neglect, discrimination, and domestic violence. School psychologists working with OVC from community-based homes should consider pathways by which the children could be provided with needed support for resilient health and wellness.
Dental teams have been involved with child protection for over 40years. This brief review summarises their involvement in the detection of various types of child abuse and goes on to discuss the gap between the proportions of dental professionals who suspect child abuse or neglect in their paediatric patients and those who refer such cases on. Potential reasons for this discrepancy are discussed, and a glimpse of the future is given as to where further research may be necessary to tackle this existing gap.
Introduction. Dermatitis bullosa pratensis (phytophotodermatitis) is an acute phototoxic reaction caused by photosensitizing substances present in different kinds of plants, activated by ultraviolet radiation exposure. An acute phototoxic reaction manifests as erythema, vesicles and even blisters with morphology of burns. Objective. We present a case report of phytophotodermatitis due to Heracleum sosnowskyi. Heracleum sosnowskyi was discovered in 1772 and described as a separate species in botanical literature in 1944 by I. P. Man-denova. Case report. In our case, skin lesions coexisted with erythema multiforme. Implemented therapy - corticosteroids, antihistamines and topical medications - was successful. After clinical resolution post-inflammatory hyperpigmentations were observed. Conclusions. Appropriate diagnosis of phytophototoxic reaction may constitute a challenge in everyday practice.
Introduction: The social developmental processes by which child maltreatment increases risk for marijuana use are understudied. This study examined hypothesized parent and peer pathways linking preschool abuse and sexual abuse with adolescent and adult marijuana use. Methods: Analyses used data from the Lehigh Longitudinal Study. Measures included child abuse (physical abuse, emotional abuse, domestic violence, and neglect) in preschool, sexual abuse up to age 18, adolescent (average age = 18 years) parental attachment and peer marijuana approval/use, as well as adolescent and adult (average age = 36 years) marijuana use. Results: Confirming elevated risk due to child maltreatment, path analysis showed that sexual abuse was positively related to adolescent marijuana use, whereas preschool abuse was positively related to adult marijuana use. In support of mediation, it was found that both forms of maltreatment were negatively related to parental attachment, which was negatively related, in turn, to having peers who use and approve of marijuana use. Peer marijuana approval/use was a strong positive predictor of adolescent marijuana use, which was a strong positive predictor, in turn, of adult marijuana use. Conclusions: Results support social developmental theories that hypothesize a sequence of events leading from child maltreatment experiences to lower levels of parental attachment and, in turn, higher levels of involvement with pro-marijuana peers and, ultimately, to both adolescent and adult marijuana use. This sequence of events suggests developmentally-timed intervention activities designed to prevent maltreatment as well as the initiation and progression of marijuana use among vulnerable individuals. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Introduction: Estimating the national prevalence of child sexual abuse (CSA) and its association with health and developmental outcomes is the first step in developing prevention strategies. While such data are available from many countries, less is known about the epidemiology of CSA in Japan. Methods: For this systematic review, we searched English databases: Embase, Ovid MEDLINE(R) In-Process & Other Non-Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE(R) Daily and Ovid MEDLINE(R), Ovid OLDMEDLINE(R), PsycINFO, and Japanese databases: Cinii, J-Stage, Children's Rainbow Center Japan, Japan Child and Family Research Institute, Japanese Journal of Child Abuse and Neglect to identify articles published before July 2015 examining the lifetime prevalence of CSA in Japan using non-clinical samples. Data were extracted from published reports. Results: We initially identified 606 citations and after abstract review, retrieved 120 publications. Six studies that met the selection criteria and additional two relevant studies were reviewed. The range of contact CSA for females was 10.4%-60.7%, and the prevalence of this type of CSA for males was 4.1%. The range of penetrative CSA for females was 1.3%-8.3% and that for males was 0.5%-1.3%. A number of methodological issues were identified, including a lack of validated measures of CSA, and low response rates. Conclusion: In contrast to a lower prevalence of penetrative CSA, the prevalence of contact CSA among Japanese females may be comparable or higher in relation to international estimates. Future research on children's perceptions of and exposure to sexual abuse, crime and exploitation in Japan is discussed. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The increase of violence against children is a diagnosed social problem in the Costa Rican society. This article focuses on the presence of an ideological bias in the opinion writings of the local newspapers: La Nacion and Diario Extra. It explains how some visions of the sources are ideological and do not contribute to the end of the violence, nor to an effective promotion of childrens Human Rights. In order to avoid violence we must develop a pro-children cultural change, complex multi-institutional social networking, children autonomy and a critic to the family institution.
Missing a fracture in a child on skeletal surveys for suspected non-accidental trauma can have devastating results. Double-read has the potential to improve fracture detection. However the yield of double-read is unknown. To determine the advantage of double-read versus single-read of radiographic skeletal surveys for suspected non-accidental trauma. The study was performed in two phases. In the first phase (April 2013 to September 2013), double-read was performed for all skeletal surveys obtained during weekday working hours. Because we had no new double-read findings in studies initially read as negative, we conducted a second phase (January 2014 to March 2014). In the second phase we limited double-reads to skeletal surveys found positive on the first read. At the end of this period, we retrospectively performed double-read for all initially negative skeletal surveys. We excluded follow-up skeletal surveys. The difference in discrepancy (new fracture or false diagnosis of a fracture) ratio between negative and positive skeletal surveys was evaluated using the Fisher exact test, and change in discrepancy ratio between the first and second study phases was evaluated using the stratified Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test. Overall in the two phases, 178 skeletal surveys were performed in 178 children (67 girls) with mean age of 9 months (range 3 days to 3.7 years). Double-read found 16 discrepancies in 8/178 (4.5%) skeletal surveys. Seven of these studies showed additional fractures (n=15). In one study, an initial read of a skull fracture was read as a variant on the second read. There was a significant (P=0.01) difference between rate of disagreement in negative skeletal surveys (1/104, 1.0%) and positive skeletal surveys (7/74, 9.5%). No significant change in disagreement rate was demonstrated between the two phases of the study (P=0.59). Double-read of skeletal survey for suspected non-accidental trauma found false-negative fractures in a few cases and rarely found false-positive diagnosis of a fracture. Double-read uncommonly found discrepancies in an initially normal skeletal survey. Limiting double-read to initially positive studies improves the yield of the double-read.
We sought to identify relationship and individual psychological factors that related to four profiles of intimate partner violence (IPV) among pregnant adolescent couples: no IPV, male IPV victim only, female IPV victim only, mutual IPV, and how associations differ by sex. Using data from a longitudinal study of pregnant adolescents and partners (n = 291 couples), we used a multivariate profile analysis using multivariate analysis of covariance with between and within-subjects effects to compare IPV groups and sex on relationship and psychological factors. Analyses were conducted at the couple level, with IPV groups as a between-subjects couple level variable and sex as a within-subjects variable that allowed us to model and compare the outcomes of both partners while controlling for the correlated nature of the data. Analyses controlled for age, race, income, relationship duration, and gestational age. Among couples, 64% had no IPV; 23% male IPV victim only; 7% mutual IPV; 5% female IPV victim only. Relationship (F = 3.61, P < .001) and psychological (F = 3.17, P < .001) factors differed by IPV group, overall. Attachment anxiety, attachment avoidance, relationship equity, perceived partner infidelity, depression, stress, and hostility each differed by IPV profile (all P < .01). Attachment anxiety, equity, depression and stress had a significant IPV profile by sex interaction (all P < .05). Couples with mutual IPV had the least healthy relationship and psychological characteristics; couples with no IPV had the healthiest characteristics. Females in mutually violent relationships were at particularly high risk. Couple-level interventions focused on relational issues might protect young families from developing IPV behaviors. (C) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
This brief comment explores the significance of a number of current lawsuits brought against Catholic Church leaders in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, in the context of enduring failures of justice for Australian victims of Catholic clerical child sexual abuse. It examines the obstacles to criminal and civil justice that have prevented Church superiors from being held to account for child sexual abuse perpetrated in Catholic institutions, and explains the responsibility of Australian governments, courts and the Catholic Church to further justice for survivors(1) in this context.
In the United States, the judicial system response to violence between intimate partners, or intimate partner violence (IPV), typically mandates that adjudicated perpetrators complete a batterer intervention program (BIP). The social science data has found that these programs, on the whole, are only minimally effective in reducing rates of IPV. The authors examined the social science literature on the characteristics and efficacy of BIPs. More than 400 studies were considered, including a sweeping, recently conducted survey of BIP directors across the United States and Canada. Results of this review indicate that the limitations of BIPs are due, in large part, to the limitations of current state standards regulating these programs and, furthermore, that these standards are not grounded in the body of empirical research evidence or best practices. The authors, all of whom have considerable expertise in the area of domestic violence perpetrator treatment, conducted an exhaustive investigation of the following key intervention areas: overall effectiveness of BIPs; length of treatment/length of group sessions; number of group participants and number of facilitators; group format and curriculum; assessment protocol and instruments; victim contact; modality of treatment; differential treatment; working with female perpetrators; working with perpetrators in racial and ethnic minority groups; working with lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) perpetrators; perpetrator treatment and practitioner-client relationships; and required practitioner education and training. Recommendations for evidence-based national BIP standards were made based on findings from this review.
The present study investigated the predictive utility of self-reported domestic violence perpetrators' exposure to violence in their family of origin and patterns related to this exposure through the use of longitudinal analyses on a sample of 228 men on probation in Lake County, Illinois. Differences in typology, recidivism, recidivism frequency, and violent behavior survival patterns in men with a history of domestic violence perpetration and with varying levels of family of origin violence exposure were examined. Findings suggest that those who witnessed interparental violence (either alone, or in combination with experiencing violence) were most likely to be classified as Generally Violent offenders (e.g., perpetrators who direct violence toward their family and others), compared to those who did not report experiencing or witnessing violence. In addition, results also indicate that men who experienced both witnessing interparental violence and receiving physical abuse in childhood were more likely to recidivate more frequently compared to those who did not report experiencing or witnessing violence. No significant findings for typology and recidivism were noted. Clinical and policy/practice implications are discussed. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Musculoskeletal manifestations of child maltreatment represent common presentations to the emergency department. The recognition of child maltreatment is an essential role for the practicing emergency physician, as it can directly prevent further serious injury. Orthopedic trauma in children presents very differently than that in adults. Understanding of the unique properties of pediatric bone as well as the developmental capabilities of children in relation to injury mechanism is essential in the interpretation of these injuries. Children younger than 3 years are most vulnerable to bony injury from child maltreatment. Common presenting findings include complex skull fractures, rib fractures, long bone fractures, and metaphyseal corner fractures. Skeletal survey remains the mainstay of detection for injuries, but recent work has also elucidated a role for other modalities in fracture detection. Management should include proper orthopedic interventions, along with mandatory reporting of possible maltreatment to the local child protective services or other equivalent agency.
The aim of this review was to describe HIV prevalence in children and youth living on the street and subject to commercial sexual exploitation, and the studies' characteristics in terms of place, time, population, and sample design. This was a systematic review, not a meta-analysis, based on an article search in 10 electronic databases: Science Direct, MEDLINE, OVID, LILACS, Wiley InterScience, MD Consult, Springer Link, Embase, Web of Science, and Ebsco. A complementary search was also performed in the libraries of schools of public health and webpages of U.N. agencies, besides the reference lists from the selected articles. We selected observational studies focused on children and youth living on the street and subject to commercial sexual exploitation, ranging in age from 10 to 20 years, with the results for HIV prevalence rates. A total of 9,829 references were retrieved, of which 15 met the inclusion criteria and comprise this descriptive summary. Of these 15 articles, 12 were conducted in children and youth living on the street and three in children subject to commercial sexual exploitation. All 15 were cross-sectional studies. HIV prevalence in children and youth living on the street ranged from 0% in Dallas, USA and Cochabamba, Bolivia to 37.4% in St. Petersburg, Russia. In children and youth living subject to commercial sexual exploitation, prevalence ranged from 2% in Toronto, Canada to 20% in Kolkata, India. In conclusion, HIV infection is present in children and youth living on the street and subject to commercial sexual exploitation. Measures are needed for prevention, diagnosis, and treatment as a public health priority and an ethical responsibility on the part of governments and society.
Research examining child abuse and neglect (CAN) profiles among adult offender populations is lacking. Therefore, the primary aim of the present study was to address this limitation by using latent class analysis (LCA) to identify meaningful classes of individuals who have experienced physical abuse, emotional abuse, sexual abuse, as well as neglect. Another aim was to estimate the association between CAN class membership and external criteria (psychopathy factors, self-esteem, attitudes towards male sexual violence in dating relationships, child sexual abuse myth acceptance, violent offending, and age). Data were collected among a large systematically selected sample of adult male inmates (N=1261). Based on LCA, three unique classes of CAN were distinguished, including a 'low abuse' group (43.4% of the sample), a 'high physical and emotional abuse' group (51.3%), and a 'poly-victimized' group (5.3%). The analysis revealed that the CAN classes were differentially associated with affective responsiveness, cognitive responsiveness, personal self-esteem, prison self-esteem, attitudes towards male sexual violence in dating relationships, and violent offending. Findings highlight the unique nature of CAN constellations among criminal justice involved participants. The significance of the present results is discussed in relation to past and future research. Potential contributions to treatment strategies are also presented. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
As a result of his assignment to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Behavioral Science Unit, the author consulted on and has firsthand knowledge of most of the cases discussed in Cheit's book. He came to believe that there is a middle ground. Some of what victims allege may be true and accurate, some may be misperceived or distorted, some may be symbolic, and some may be contaminated or false. The problem and challenge, however, is to determine which is which. He basically agrees with much of what Cheit sets forth about seeds of truth in many allegations. He has concerns about some confusing and inconsistent definitions. What was and is referred to by many as the backlash can be confused with what Cheit refers to in his book as the witch-hunt narrative. Many professionals, including possibly Cheit, do not seem fully aware of the wide diversity of ways in which children are sexually victimized. The author believes that any delayed reporting and minimization of recent cases involving the Catholic priests and Penn Sate have more to do with inaccurate stereotypes perpetuated by child abuse idealists than some witch-hunt narrative. From a law enforcement perspective, more benefit would have come had Cheit's extensive research focused more on documenting how allegations became so bizarre and inaccurate and less on the alleged far-ranging harm caused by the witch-hunt narrative. In the author's opinion, it is that process and not the witch-hunt narrative that caused most of the long-term damage discussed.
The definitive treatment of paediatric femoral diaphyseal fractures remains controversial. Modalities of treatment vary mostly according to age, with fracture pattern and site having a lesser impact. Current evidence is reflective of this variation with most evidence cited by the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons being level 4 or 5. The authors present a review of the most up-to-date evidence relating to the treatment of these fractures in each age group. In an attempt to clarify the current trends, we have produced an algorithm for decision-making based on the experience from our own tertiary referral level 1 major trauma centre.
The current study examined the mediating effects of the teacher and peer relationships between parental abuse/neglect and a child's emotional/behavioral problems. A total of 2070 student surveys from the panel of the Korean Child Youth Panel Study (KCYPS) were analyzed by path analysis. The key findings of this study are outlined below. Firstly, parental physical and emotional abuse and neglect had significant effects on children's problems. The direct effect of parental abuse on emotional/behavioral problems was higher than the direct effect of parental neglect on emotional/behavioral problems. Secondly, the teacher relationship partially mediated the effects of the parental abuse/neglect on emotional/behavioral problems. Thirdly, the peer relationship also partially mediated the effects of parental abuse/neglect on children's emotional/behavioral problems. The indirect effect of parental neglect via teacher relationships and peer relationships was stronger than the indirect effect of parental abuse. This study is significant in that it identified that parental abuse/neglect was mediated by the teacher and peer relationship, thereby suggesting an implication for effective intervention with children who have suffered abuse and neglect. In terms of the teacher and peer relationship, understanding the influence of parental abuse and neglect on children's problems was discussed, and the limitations and recommendations for future study were suggested. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Family structure as a risk for child maltreatment has long been viewed as a static state in the child maltreatment literature. Drawing on data from the Fragile Families and Child Wellbeing Study, the author uses a series of individual fixed-effects models to investigate whether particular types of relationship transitions over children's first decade of life are associated with increased risk for maternal and paternal child abuse and maternal neglect. Findings question and confirm a number of long-standing theoretical and empirical findings from the child maltreatment literature. Results indicate that transitions to being single are associated with increased risk for maternal child abuse and neglect. In addition, the frequency and severity of paternal harsh parenting may be closely linked with the nature of fathers' relationship transitions. Last, results largely do not provide support for the theory that the presence of social (nonbiological) fathers increases mothers' risk for engaging in child abuse or neglect.
The last 20 years have seen an explosion in the availability, ownership and use of devices used to access the internet. There has been a simultaneous increase in the number of people viewing child abuse images. The ease of access to this material online has removed a key inhibitor for offenders. Technology has facilitated the distribution of child abuse images, but is also used to prevent and identify offending, as well as to manage offenders. There is a range of technological tools currently used in England and Wales to manage those offenders who have been convicted of accessing child abuse images and who are living in the community. Some are specific to the computer as the situation of the crime. This article analyses the evidence base for each. The article concludes that each tool has features which might contribute to the management of internet child sex offenders, but that none have yet been proven or disproven to be effective. Copyright (C) 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. KEY PRACTITIONER MESSAGES: Technology to help manage the risk posed by internet child sex offenders is developing and may offer promise. None of these technological tools have been proven or disproven to be effective management tools for internet child sex offenders. Offender managers in the police and probation services should be mindful of this and not be overly reliant on them. Robust evaluations of these types of technology for these offenders are needed.
Background: Alterations in gray matter development represent a potential pathway through which childhood abuse is associated with psychopathology. Several prior studies find reduced volume and thickness of prefrontal (PFC) and temporal cortex regions in abused compared with nonabused adolescents, although most prior research is based on adults and volume-based measures. This study tests the hypothesis that child abuse, independent of parental education, predicts reduced cortical thickness in prefrontal and temporal cortices as well as reduced gray mater volume (GMV) in subcortical regions during adolescence. Methods: Structural MRI scans were obtained from 21 adolescents exposed to physical and/or sexual abuse and 37 nonabused adolescents (ages 13-20). Abuse was operationalized using dichotomous and continuous measures. We examined associations between abuse and brain structure in several a priori-defined regions, controlling for parental education, age, sex, race, and total brain volume for subcortical GMV. Significance was evaluated at p < .05 with a false discovery rate correction. Results: Child abuse exposure and severity were associated with reduced thickness in ventromedial prefrontal cortex (PFC), right lateral orbitofrontal cortex, right inferior frontal gyrus, bilateral parahippocampal gyrus (PHG), left temporal pole, and bilateral inferior, right middle, and right superior temporal gyri. Neither abuse measure predicted cortical surface area or subcortical GMV. Bilateral PHG thickness was inversely related to externalizing symptoms. Conclusions: Child abuse, an experience characterized by a high degree of threat, is associated with reduced cortical thickness in ventromedial and ventrolateral PFC and medial and lateral temporal cortex in adolescence. Reduced PHG thickness may be a mediator linking abuse with externalizing psychopathology, although prospective research is needed to evaluate this possibility.
Background: Smoking behavior and smoking cessation are complex. Interpersonal factors such as childhood adversity are associated with smoking, especially in women. Identifying how and in whom these individual factors contribute to smoking behavior may support individualized smoking cessation strategies. Attachment insecurity (attachment avoidance and attachment anxiety) involves biological and psychological processes in close relationships and is associated with both childhood adversity, and in select populations, smoking. This study aims to identify an association between attachment insecurity and smoking in adults and to determine if attachment insecurity is a plausible mediator between childhood adversity and smoking.Methods: In a cross-sectional survey, 348 primary care patients reported childhood adversity, attachment insecurity and smoking status. Statistical analyses were performed using regression and PRODCLIN.Results: Sixty-one percent of participants had experienced childhood adversity and 20% were current smokers. In women, attachment anxiety was associated with both childhood adversity (p=.002) and current smoking (p=.04). The PRODCLIN test indicated that attachment anxiety may be a mediator between childhood adversity and current smoking in women (95%CI 0.003, 0.236). In men, current smoking was not associated with childhood adversity (p=.673) or attachment anxiety (p=.29). Attachment avoidance was not related to current smoking in men (p=.31) or in women (p=.16).Conclusions: In women but not in men, attachment anxiety is associated with current smoking and may mediate the relationship between childhood adversity and current smoking. Childhood adversity and attachment anxiety may be factors to consider in the design of cessation strategies for women.
Objective: This paper builds upon the analyses presented in three companion papers using data from the 2003 and 2008 cycles of the Canadian Incidence Study of Reported Child Abuse and Neglect (CIS-2003 and CIS 2008) and the Ontario Child Abuse and Neglect Data System (OCANDS) to examine disproportionality and disparity of child welfare involvement for Asian-Canadian children involved in the child welfare system. Methods: This study used CIS-2008 data adjusted by Census child population data to examine rates per 1000 and three disparity indexes (population-based disparity index [PDI], decision-based disparity index [DDI], and maltreatment-based disparity index [MDI]) to determine the representation of child maltreatment investigations for Asian-Canadian versus White-Canadian children involved in the child welfare system. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to determine the odds of case closure for substantiated child maltreatment investigations, and whether Asian ethnicity remained significant while controlling for child demographics and household composition, case characteristics, and clinical concerns. Results: This study found that Asian-Canadian children were underrepresented in the child welfare system compared to White-Canadian children (13.9 per 1000 Asian children in the Canadian population vs. 36.1 per 1000 White children in the Canadian population). Child welfare involvement for Asian-Canadian children are almost 2 times more likely to close after an investigation than White-Canadian children. The three disparity indexes (PDI, DDI, MDI) showed substantially different results with respect to the representation of child maltreatment investigations involving Asian-Canadian versus White-Canadian children for physical abuse, sexual abuse, neglect, emotional maltreatment, and exposure to domestic violence. Conclusions: Disproportionality and disparity are complex phenomena. The variation in results derived from different methods of calculating representation suggests the need for greater clarity and consistency in the definitions and methodology in examining racial disparity in child welfare research. Some methodological considerations for future child welfare research with Asian-Canadian populations were discussed. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved
Research has consistently demonstrated that children living in low-income families, particularly those in poverty, are at a greater risk of child maltreatment: however, causal evidence for this relationship is sparse. We use child maltreatment reports from the National Child Abuse and Neglect Data System: Child File from 2004 to 2013 to investigate the relationship between changes in a state's minimum wage and changes in child maltreatment rates. We find that increases in the minimum wage lead to a decline in overall child maltreatment reports, particularly neglect reports. Specifically, a $1 increase in the minimum wage implies a statistically significant 9.6% decline in neglect reports. This decline is concentrated among young children (ages 0-5) and school-aged children (ages 6-12); the effect diminishes among adolescents and is not significant. We do not find that the effect of increases in the minimum wage varies based on the child's race. These findings are robust to a number of specifications. Our results suggest that policies that increase incomes of the working poor can improve children's welfare, especially younger children, quite substantially. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Background: It is well established that childhood maltreatment (CM) is a risk factor for various mental and substance use disorders. To date, however, little research has focused on the possible long-term physical consequences of CM. Diabetes is a chronic disease, for which an association with CM has been postulated. Methods: Based on data from a sample of 21,878 men and women from the 2012 Canadian Community Health Survey - Mental Health (CCHS - MH), this study examines associations between three types of CM (childhood physical abuse (CPA), childhood sexual abuse (CSA), and childhood exposure to intimate partner violence (CEIPV)) and diabetes in adulthood. Multiple logistic regression models were used to examine associations between CM and diabetes controlling for the effects of socio-demographic characteristics and risk factors for type 2 diabetes. Results: When controlling socio-demographic characteristics, diabetes was significantly associated with reports of severe and frequent CPA (OR = 1.8) and severe and frequent CSA (OR = 2.2). A dose-response relationship was observed when co-occurrence of CSA and CPA was considered with the strongest association with diabetes being observed when both severe and frequent CSA and CPA were reported (OR = 2.6). Controlling for type 2 diabetes risk factors attenuated associations particularly for CPA. CEIPV was not significantly associated with having diabetes in adulthood. Conclusion: CPA and CSA are risk factors for diabetes. For the most part, associations between CPA and diabetes are mediated via risk factors for type 2 diabetes. Failure to consider severity and frequency of abuse may limit our understanding of the importance of CM as a risk factor for diabetes.
This article compares multiple types of child maltreatment among Puerto Rican youth. We seek to expand the limited knowledge of the effects of multiple types of maltreatment on depressive symptoms in a specific Latino population as emerging studies indicate that children who are exposed to one type of maltreatment are often exposed to other types. This study examines the predictive strength of different and multiple types of lifetime child maltreatment (i.e., physical, sexual, and emotional abuse; and neglect), and the effect of youth support from parents, youth coping, youth self-esteem, and place of residence on depressive symptoms among Puerto Rican youth. Secondary data analyses were performed using three annual waves (2000-2004) of data from the Boricua Youth Study. The analytic sample consists of 1041 10-13 year old Puerto Rican youth living in New York and Puerto Rico. Results indicate that: (1) youth who experienced 'sexual abuse only', 'multiple maltreatment' (2 or more types of maltreatment), 'physical abuse only' have a significant increase in depressive symptoms (75.1%, 61.6%, and 40.5% respectively) compared to those without maltreatment; and (2) place of residence, exposure to violence, and mental disorders were significant risk factors. When developing psychosocial interventions, professionals should particularly focus on youth who report past lifetime experience with child maltreatment. Particular attention should be given to children living in the Bronx, New York and similar urban low-income areas who report past lifetime experience with multiple types of child maltreatment and who present symptoms or a diagnosis of co-occurring mental health problems. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Child abuse is a global public health problem and a serious social issue in Japan. Social support is beneficial for parents faced with childrearing challenges. The aim of this study was to clarify the association between social support and child abuse potential. A cross-sectional study was conducted using a structured questionnaire. The target population was mothers of children at nine public nursery schools. Bivariate and multiple linear regression analysis were performed to examine the effects of socio-demographic, social support and psychological distress factors on child abuse potential. Among 309 mothers, 29 (9.4%) had a high child abuse potential score. Bivariate analysis indicated that mothers with a higher child abuse potential score were more likely to be divorced or unmarried (P < 0.001); living in single-female-parent households (P < 0.001); have low perceived economic status (P < 0.001); have a low level of child care support (P = 0.01); have a low Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support (MSPSS) score (P < 0.001); and/or a high General Health Questionnaire -12 score (GHQ -12) (P < 0.001). Important predictors of child abuse potential among the mothers surveyed included living in single-female-parent households, having low perceived economic status, low MSPSS score, and high GHQ -12 score. Improving approaches that help mothers build social support relationships and ease them into child rearing in a psychologically healthy condition is recommended to prevent child abuse. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The prevalence of skull fractures after mild head trauma is 2 % in children of all ages and 11 % in children younger than 2 years. The current standard management for a child diagnosed with an isolated skull fracture (ISF), in our institute, is hospitalization for a 24-h observation period. Based on data from the literature, less than 1 % of all minor head injuries require neurosurgical intervention. The main objective of this study was to evaluate the risk of neurological deterioration of ISF cases, in order to assess the need for hospitalization. We reviewed the medical charts of 222 children who were hospitalized from 2006 to 2012 with ISF and Glascow Coma Scale-15 at the time of arrival. We collected data regarding demographic characteristics, mechanism of injury, fracture location, clinical symptoms and signs, need for hospitalization, and need for repeated imaging. Data was collected at three time points: at presentation to the emergency room, during hospitalization, and 1 month after admission, when the patients' parents were asked about the course of the month following discharge. None of the 222 children included in the study needed neurosurgical intervention. All were asymptomatic 1 month after the injury. Two children underwent repeated head CT due to persistence or worsening of symptoms; these CT scans did not reveal any new findings and did not lead to any intervention whatsoever. Children arriving at the emergency room with a minor head injury and isolated skull fracture on imaging studies may be considered for discharge after a short period of observation. Discharge should be considered in these cases provided the child has a reliable social environment and responsible caregivers who are able to return to the hospital if necessary. Hospital admission should be reserved for children with neurologic deficits, persistent symptoms, suspected child abuse, or when the parent is unreliable or is unable to return to the hospital if necessary. Reducing unnecessary hospitalizations can prevent emotional stress, in addition to saving costs for the child's family and the health care system.
The study examines family characteristics that put adolescent girls at increased risk of abuse, mainly physical, sexual and emotional abuse and neglect. Stratified random sampling was done among classes 7th to 12th of government girls' schools of a semi-urban area of Delhi, and a total of 1060 adolescent girls participated. Majority were in mid-adolescence. Approximately 70% study subjects faced at least one form of maltreatment. Physical abuse was faced by 42.6%, sexual abuse by 26.6%, emotional abuse by 37.9% and neglect by 40.1% of study subjects. The most frequent perpetrator of physical and emotional abuse was mother, and of sexual abuse were friends, relatives or neighbours. No or low education of father increased odds of physical and emotional abuse, while odds of physical abuse and neglect were lower if mothers were housewives. Excessive arguments between parents and history of maltreatment in parents increased odds of child maltreatment in study subjects.
Objectives: It is hypothesized that parents who have physically abused a child or who are at high risk to physically abuse a child form more negative/less positive impressions about children than nonabusive/low-risk-for-abuse parents. However, to date, the overall evidence from the several individual studies testing this hypothesis has been inconclusive. Method: The current meta-analysis compared the impressions that abusive/high-risk-for-abuse parents and nonabusive/low-risk-for-abuse parents form about children (k = 27, N = 1,645). Results: Overall, we estimated the difference in parents' impressions of children to be about 1/3 of 1 standard deviation in the hypothesized direction (d = 0.32, 95% confidence interval [0.19, 0.44]). This difference was found among studies using a variety of procedures and a variety of dependent variables. Further, an analysis of the distribution of p values from the published studies corroborated this finding. Conclusions: Collectively, the current meta-analysis confirms differences between abusive/high-risk-for-abuse parents' and nonabusive/low-risk-for-abuse parents' impressions of children. However, despite the clear evidence for the existence of an effect, the current results suggest the magnitude of this effect is modest. Future research should determine whether parents' impressions are meaningfully related to parents' child-directed behaviors. Such research would be informative as to whether parents' impressions of children should be targeted in interventions aimed at reducing physically abusive parenting behaviors.
Background: Given growing numbers of older adults with mental and substance use disorders (MSUDs), this study examined the association between ten types of adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) and lifetime MSUDs among those aged 50+. Methods: Data (N=14,738 for the 50+ age group) came from the 2012 to 2013 National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions. Using multivariable binary logistic regression analyses, we examined relationships between ten ACEs and six lifetime MSUDs (major depressive disorder (MDD) and anxiety, post-traumatic stress, alcohol use, drug use, and nicotine use disorders). Gender differences were examined using tests of interaction effects and gender-separate logistic regression models. Results: Of the sample, 53.2% of women and 50.0% of men reported at least one ACE. For both genders, parental/other adult's substance abuse was the most prevalent (22.6%), followed by physical abuse, and emotional neglect. Child abuse and neglect and parental/other adult's mental illness and substance abuse had small but consistently significant associations with MSUDs (e.g., odds ratio = 1.28, 95% CI= 1.12-1.46 for parental/other adult's substance misuse and MDD). Although the relationship between total number of ACEs andMSUDs was cumulative for both men and women, the associations of physical abuse, sexual abuse, emotional neglect, and parental separation/divorce with MSUDs were stronger among men. Conclusions: This study underscores the significant yet modest association between ACEs and lifetime MSUDs in late life. More research is needed to investigate why ACEs seem to have greater effects on older men and to discern the sources of gender differences in ACEs' effects.
This study investigated the association between child maltreatment and body mass index (BMI) using data from four waves (wave 2 in 2011 through 5 in 2014) of the Korean Children & Youth PanelSurvey collected by the South Korean National Youth Policy Institute. We employed a latent growth curve modeling approach to estimate an unobserved latent trajectory and to test the longitudinal effects of child abuse and neglect on BMI. Our results indicate that child abuse is significantly associated with BMI and children who report higher levels of abuse tend to have higher rates of increase in their BMI. This study addresses a gap in the literature by demonstrating that a parent's maltreatment of their child has a long-term effect on the rate of change in their BMI over time.
Background: Prehospital care providers are in a unique position to provide initial unadulterated information about the scene where a child is abusively injured or neglected. However, they receive minimal training with respect to detection of Child Abuse and Neglect (CAN) and make few reports of suspected CAN to child protective services. Aims: To explore barriers and facilitators to the recognition and reporting of CAN by prehospital care providers. Design/Methods: Twenty-eight prehospital care providers participated in a simulated case of infant abusive head trauma prior to participating in one-on-one semi-structured qualitative debriefs. Researchers independently coded transcripts from the debriefing and then collectively refined codes and created themes. Data collection and analysis continued past the point of thematic saturation. Results: Providers described 3 key tasks when caring for a patient thought to be maltreated: (1) Medically managing the patient, which included assessment of the patient's airway, breathing, and circulation and management of the chief complaint, followed by evaluation for CAN; (2) Evaluating the scene and family interactions for signs suggestive of CAN, which included gathering information on the presence of elicit substances and observing how the child behaves in the presence of caregivers; and (3) Creating a safety plan, which included, calling police for support, avoiding confrontation with the caregivers and sharing suspicion of CAN with hospital providers and child protective services. Reported barriers to recognizing CAN included discomfort with pediatric patients; uncertainty related to CAN (accepting parental story about alternative diagnosis and difficulty distinguishing between accidental and intentional injuries); a focus on the chief complaint; and limited opportunity for evaluation. Barriers to reporting included fear of being wrong; fear of caregiver reactions; and working in a fast-paced setting. In contrast, facilitators to reporting included understanding of the mandated reporter role; sharing thought processes with peers; and supervisor support. Conclusions: Prehospital care providers have a unique vantage point in detecting CAN, but limited resources and knowledge related to this topic. Focused education on recognition of signs of physical abuse; increased training on scene safety; real-time decision support; and increased follow-up related to cases of CAN may improve their detection of CAN.
Intimate partner violence (IPV) in sub-Saharan Africa affects 36% of the population. Several African countries rank among the highest globally. In this article, we present evidence on the prevalence, determinants, and impact of IPV across several sub-Saharan African countries interpreted against the backdrop of social ecological theory. We also describe prevention or intervention programs tested in different regions of Africa, selecting only those programs which were published in a journal outlet and which met a high criteria of implementation and methodology (n = 7). Based on our review of the empirical literature, some risk factors for violence documented in Western societies are the same in Africa, including poverty, drinking, a past history of child abuse or posttraumatic stress disorder, and highly traditional gender role beliefs. Low education is also associated with IPV for both women and men. In Africa, partner abuse intersects with the HIV pandemic, making violence prevention especially urgent. African programs to prevent IPV are often incorporated with HIV prevention; community building and community engagement are emphasized more in Africa than in North America or Europe, which invoke more individually focused approaches. Some programs we review lowered HIV exposure in women; others contributed to reduced violence perpetration among men. The programs show sufficient promise to recommend replication and dissemination in sub-Saharan Africa.
A new task force on postmortem imaging was established at the annual meeting of the European Society of Paediatric Radiology (ESPR) in Graz, Austria, in 2015. The postmortem task force is separate from the child abuse task force as it covers all aspects of fetal, neonatal and non-forensic postmortem imaging. The main focus of the task force is the guidance and standardization of non-radiographic postmortem imaging, particularly postmortem CT and postmortem MRI. This manuscript outlines the starting point of the task force, with a mission statement, outline of current experience, and short- and long-term goals.
Purpose: Emergency department assessment represents a critical but often missed opportunity to identify elder abuse, which is common and has serious consequences. Among emergency care providers, diagnostic radiologists are optimally positioned to raise suspicion for mistreatment when reviewing imaging of geriatric injury victims. However, little literature exists describing relevant injury patterns, and most radiologists currently receive neither formal nor informal training in elder abuse identification. Methods: We present 2 cases to begin characterisation of the radiographic findings in elder abuse. Results: Findings from these cases demonstrate similarities to suspicious findings in child abuse including high-energy fractures that are inconsistent with reported mechanisms and the coexistence of acute and chronic injuries. Specific injuries uncommon to accidental injury are also noted, including a distal ulnar diaphyseal fracture. Conclusions: We hope to raise awareness of elder abuse among diagnostic radiologists to encourage future large-scale research, increased focus on chronic osseous findings, and the addition of elder abuse to differential diagnoses.
Ross Cheit's book The Witch-Hunt Narrative highlights the difficulties of prosecuting child sexual abuse. Drawing examples from a single case, Alex A., we examine the ways in which false acquittals of sexual abuse are likely to occur. First, prosecutors tend to question children in ways that undermine their productivity and credibility. Second, prosecutors have difficulty in explaining to juries the dynamics of sexual abuse and disclosure, making children's acquiescence to abuse and their failure to disclose when abuse first occurs incredible. Third, attorneys undermine children's credibility by pushing them to provide difficult to estimate temporal and numerical information. A post-script to the Alex A. case illustrates the costs of wrongful acquittals.
Undergraduate medical curricula typically include forensic and legal medicine topics that are of a highly sensitive nature. Examples include suicide, child abuse, domestic and sexual violence. It is likely that some students will have direct or indirect experience of these issues which are prevalent in society. Those students are vulnerable to vicarious harm from partaking in their medical education. Even students with no direct or indirect experience of these issues may be vulnerable to vicarious trauma, particularly students who are especially empathetic to cases presented. Despite these risks, instruction relating to these topics is necessary to ensure the competencies of graduating doctors to respond appropriately to cases they encounter during their professional careers. However, risk can be minimised by a well-designed and thoughtfully delivered educational programme. We provide recommendations for the successful inclusion of sensitive forensic and legal medicine topics in undergraduate medical curricula. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd and Faculty of Forensic and Legal Medicine. All rights reserved.
Parents who use opioids and are involved in the child welfare system are less likely to retain custody of their children than parents who use other drugs. No previous studies have described medication-assisted treatment (MAT) utilization and child permanency outcomes for this population. The Sobriety Treatment and Recovery Team (START) model is a child welfare-based intervention focused on families with co-occurring substance use and child abuse / neglect issues. This study examined the prevalence and correlates of MAT utilization among parents in the START program with a history of opioid use, and compared child outcomes for families who received MAT services to those who did not. Of the 596 individuals with a history of opioid use in the START program, 55 (9.2%) received MAT. Receipt of MAT services did not differ by gender, age, county of residence, or drug use, though individuals who identified as White were more likely to participate in MAT. In a multiple logistic regression model, additional months of MAT increased the odds of parents retaining custody of their children. To address barriers to MAT, results-focused educational interventions may be needed for the child welfare workforce, as well as programs to improve collaboration and decision-making between the child welfare workforce, court personnel, and drug addiction treatment providers. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Parents interact with their environment in important ways that may impact their ability to parent their children positively. The current study uses data from the age 3 wave of the Fragile Families and Child Wellbeing study to investigate whether neighborhood processes and community participation relate to internal control, and whether these three variables are associated with child maltreatment behaviors. Using structural equation modeling, the direct and indirect effects of the environment (neighborhood disorder, social control, and social cohesion) and community participation on child maltreatment are tested. The mediating variable tested is internal control. The results show that neighborhood processes and community participation are associated with child neglect, physical child abuse, and psychological aggression but that these associations are driven through their effect on internal control. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The paradigmatic system of societal abuse occurs in totalitarian state systems. The relational systems of subjugation that maintain such states of terror must, of necessity, destroy any authentic civic space in which individuals can flourish. Similar dynamics characterize child abuse within families. Survival requires the use of varied strategies, the most extreme of which are dissociative in nature, and that result in marked distortions of developmental trajectories across all psychological domains. Such dynamics are mirrored in dissociative systems that, in the absence of intervention, perpetuate the trauma of non-recognition by subjugation and self-objectification, or by omnipotent denial of others' subjectivity. All abusive systems are facilitated by bystanders, whose awareness of what is disavowed is always partial, resulting in a state of knowing and not-knowing. As dynamics shift, bystanders may behave like victimspassive, helpless, frightened and frozen, or like perpetratorstaking vicarious and voyeuristic pleasure in abuse or actively aiding and abetting the abusers.
In past centuries, men have mainly looked to increase their production of energy in order to develop their industry, means of transport and quality of life. Since the recent energy crisis, researchers and industrials have looked mainly to manage energy in a better way, especially by increasing energy system efficiency. This context explains the growing interest for thermoelectric generators. Today, thermoelectric generators allow lost thermal energy to be recovered, energy to be produced in extreme environments, electric power to be generated in remote areas and microsensors to be powered. Direct solar thermal energy can also be used to produce electricity. This review begins with the basic principles of thermoelectricity and a presentation of existing and future materials. Design and optimization of generators are addressed. Finally in this paper, we developed an exhaustive presentation of thermoelectric generation applications covering electricity generation in extreme environments, waste heat recovery in transport and industry, domestic production in developing and developed countries, micro-generation for sensors and microelectronics and solar thermoelectric generators. Many recent applications are presented, as well as the future applications which are currently being studied in research laboratories or in industry. The main purpose of this paper is to clearly demonstrate that, almost anywhere in industry or in domestic uses, it is worth checking whether a TEG can be added whenever heat is moving from a hot source to a cold source. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Much attention is being given to estimating cement-related CO2 emissions in China. However, scant explicit and systematical exploration is being done on regional and national CO2 emission volumes. The aim of this work is therefore to provide an improved bottom-up spatial-integration system, relevant to CO2 emissions at factory level, to allow a more accurate estimation of the CO2 emissions from cement production. Based on this system, the sampling data of cement production lines were integrated as regional- and national-level information. The integration results showed that each ton of clinker produced 883 kg CO2, of which the process, fuel, and electricity emissions accounted for 58.70%, 35.97%, and 5.33%, respectively. The volume of CO2 emissions from clinker and cement production reached 1202 Mt and 1284 Mt, respectively, in 2013. A discrepancy was identified between the clinker emission factors relevant to the two main production processes (i.e., the new suspension preheating and pre-calcining kiln (NSP) and the vertical shaft kiln (VSK)), probably relevant to the energy efficiency of the two technologies. An analysis of the spatial characteristics indicated that the spatial distribution of the clinker emission factors mainly corresponded to that of the NSP process. The discrepancy of spatial pattern largely complied with the economic and population distribution pattern of China. The study could fill the knowledge gaps and provide role players with a useful spatial integration system that should facilitate the accurate estimation of carbon and corresponding regional mitigation strategies in China.
Ensemble weather predictions are introduced in the operation of district heating systems to create a heat load forecast with dynamic uncertainties. These provide a new and valuable tool for time-dependent risk assessment related to e.g. security of supply and the energy markets. As such, it is useful in both the production planning and the online operation of a modern district heating system, in particular in light of the low-temperature operation, integration of renewable energy and close interaction with the electricity markets. In this paper, a simple autoregressive forecast model with weather prediction input is used to showcase the new concept. On the study period, its performance is comparable to more complex forecast models. The total uncertainty of the heat load forecast is divided into a constant model uncertainty plus a time-dependent weather-based uncertainty. The latter varies by as much as a factor of 18 depending on the ensemble spread. As a consequence, the total forecast uncertainty varies significantly. The forecast model is applied to the operation of three heat exchanger stations. Applying an optimized temperature control can significantly lower supply temperatures compared to current operation. Improving the temperature control with dynamic time-dependent weather-based uncertainties can lower the supply temperature further and reduce heat losses to the ground. The potential benefit of using dynamic uncertainties is larger for systems with relatively smaller pumping capacities. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The optimal use of biomass from a global warming mitigation perspective depends upon numerous factors, including competition for land and other constraints. The goal of this study is identifying optimal uses of domestic biomass resources for the case of Denmark, with the objectives of minimizing global warming contribution and fossil energy resource consumption. For this purpose, consequential life cycle assessment of the different options for biomass was performed. Optimal solutions were identified, given specific national environmental targets, using linear programming. Results highlighted that utilizing the energy potential of manure and straw represents the primary opportunity for further global warming mitigation. For this purpose, co-digestion (for manure) and combustion with heat-and-power production (for straw) appear as the most promising technologies. The utilization of biomass (or biogas) for electricity/heat is generally preferred, as long as coal/oil is still used within the energy system. Yet, to fulfill environmental targets for renewable energy in the transport sector, the diversion of a significant share of biogas (and/or other biofuels) from these more beneficial uses is necessary. To completely phase out coal/oil, additional biomass (to current domestic resources) must be included, either through domestic energy crops cultivation or biomass/biofuel import; alternatively, natural gas could be used. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
An integrated photo-bioelectrochemical (IPB) system is innovative through integrating microbial fuel cells (MFCs) with algal bioreactors for simultaneous organics degradation, nutrient removal, and bio-energy production. A mathematical model has been developed for simulating and understanding the performance of the IPB system. The model inputs include influent COD (chemical oxygen demand), NH-N, total phosphorus, external resistance and flow rate, while the outputs include the biomass growth, COD degradation, nutrient removal, and electricity generation. The determination of unknown model parameters was assisted with sensitivity analysis. Satisfactory model fitting and validation was achieved, with low root-mean-square error of 5.6% and 0.2%, respectively, for biomass concentration and current generation under varied COD input. The simulated results suggested that the organic input and flow rate had more significant impacts on the growth of algal biomass than other input factors, while COD, flow rate and external resistance were of importance for current generation. The optimal condition for improving this particular IPB system was predicted to have a COD concentration above 150 mg L-1 and the flow rate at 0.1 mL min(-1). This IPB model is the first attempt of the kind for the optimization of an integrated bioprocess of electrochemical reactions and algal growth. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In recent years, electricity crisis still becomes noticeable in some countries due to a widening gap between demand and supply. Consequently, the future demand plays a significant role in efficient management and utilization of electricity. Pertaining to efficient supply handling to increase the power system reliability, an electricity demand forecasting is one of the most crucial tools. The forecasting technique is used by decision makers all over the world to predict the future demand as key information for a proper policy. In this research, the hybrid model consists of maximal overlap discrete wavelet transform (MODWT), support vector machine (SVM), and differential evolution (DE) optimization emphasizing on simplifying the complex structure in data pre-processing is proposed to forecast the thirty-two annual electricity consumptions and is compared with traditional forecasting models, hybrid model of MODWT and SVM, and combined model of SVM and DE optimization based on mean absolute error (MAE), mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) and symmetric mean absolute percentage error (sMAPE) measures as well as Friedman test and post hoc test. The empirical results indicate that the proposed model outperforms other forecasting models and provides more accurate forecasts than other candidate models at 0.05 significance levels and the nearly highest precision. Consequently, the proposed model is able to reduce the limitations of individual models regarding annual electricity consumptions and can be used as a promising tool in order to forecast annual electricity consumptions as well. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Ethylene refrigeration system of a light olefins production plant was investigated using the conventional and advanced exergoeconomic analyses. In advanced analysis, investment and exergy destruction costs of system components are divided into endogenous/exogenous and avoidable/unavoidable parts to improve our knowledge about the refrigeration system. Results of the exergoeconomic analysis represent that the total cost of column T-1 (1217.67 $/h), compressor C-3 (864.88 $/h), compressor C-2 (250.43 $/h) and multi stream heat exchanger MSHE-1 (154.19 $/h) are larger than other components. Results of the advanced exergoeconomic analysis reveal that most of the total costs of components are endogenous and can be reduced only for column T-1 and compressor C-3. With increasing the efficiency of these two components, investment and exergy destruction costs has been decreased (1381.74 $/h). Large amounts of endogenous exergy destruction cost of components represent that the interactions between the components are not a main reason for exergy destruction. Therefore, an appropriate strategy for the enhancement of the system efficiency and profitability is to improve their performance. Based on the above results, column T-1 and compressor C-3 have the highest priority to improve the performance. Sensitivity of the analysis parameters to some important operating variables have also been investigated. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The enrichment of specific pollutant-reducing consortium is usually required prior to the startup of bio-cathode bioelectrochemical system (BES) and the whole process is time consuming. To rapidly establish a non-specific functional biocathode, direct polar inversion from bioanode to biocathode is proposed in this study. Based on the diverse reductases and electron transfer related proteins of anode-respiring bacteria (ARB), the acclimated electrochemically active biofilm (EAB) may catalyze reduction of different aromatic pollutants. Within approximately 12 d, the acclimated bioanodes were directly employed as biocathodes for nitroaromatic nitrobenzene (NB) and azo dye acid orange 7 (AO7) reduction. Our results indicated that the established biocathode significantly accelerated the reduction of NB to aniline (AN) and AO7 to discolored products compared with the abiotic cathode and open circuit controls. Several microbes possessing capabilities of nitroaromatic/azo dye reduction and bidirectional electron transfer were maintained or enriched in the biocathode communities. Cyclic voltammetry highlighted the decreased over-potentials and enhanced electron transfer of biocathode as well as demonstrated the ARB Geobacter containing cytochrome c involved in the backward electron transfer from electrode to NB. This study offers new insights into the rapid establishment and modularization of functional biocathodes for the potential treatment of complicated electron acceptors-coexisting wastewaters. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
In this paper, a geothermal based multi-generation energy system, including organic Rankine cycle, domestic water heater, absorption refrigeration cycle and proton exchange membrane electrolyzer, is developed to generate electricity, heating, cooling and hydrogen. For this purpose, energetic, exergetic and exergoeconomic analysis are undertaken upon proposed system. Also, the effects of some important variables, i.e. geothermal water temperature, turbine inlet temperature and pressure, generator temperature, geothermal water mass flow rate and electrolyzer current density on the several parameters such as energy and exergy efficiencies of the proposed system, heating and cooling load, net electrical output power, hydrogen production, unit cost of each system products and total unit cost of the products are investigated. For specified conditions, the results show that energy and exergy efficiencies of the proposed multigeneration system are calculated about 34.98% and 49.17%, respectively. The highest and lowest total unit cost of the products estimated approximately 23.18 and 22.73 $/GJ, respectively, by considering that geothermal water temperature increases from 185 degrees C to 215 degrees C. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
This study aims at assessing the technical and economic benefits of refurbishing existing public housing villas in the UAE. Four representative federal public housing villas built between 1980s and 2010s were modeled and analyzed. The Integrated Environmental Solutions-Virtual Environment (IES-VE) energy modeling software was used to estimate the energy consumption and savings due to different refurbishment configurations applied to the villas. The refurbishment technical configurations were based on the UAE's Estidama green buildings sustainability assessment system. The refurbishment configurations include upgrading three elements: the wall and roof insulation as well as replacing the glazing. The annual electricity savings results indicated that the most cost-efficient refurbishment strategy is upgrading of wall insulation (savings up to 20.8 %) followed by upgrading the roof's insulation (savings up to 11.6 %) and lastly replacing the glazing (savings up to 3.2 %). When all three elements were refurbished simultaneously, savings up to 36.7 % were achieved (villa model 670). The savings translated to CO2 emission reduction of 22.6 t/year. The simple and discounted payback periods for the different configurations tested ranged between 8 and 28 and 10 and 50 years, respectively.
Using chemical vapor deposition methods to prepare carbon nanotubes growing in situ on a carbon felt, graphene and polyaniline were applied to the carbon felt for modifying carbon nanotubes. Microbial fuel cell was constructed with graphene/polyaniline-modified carbon nanotubes as anode, graphite as cathode, and glucose solution as substrate. The effects of electrodes, substrate concentration, and temperature on the properties of microbial fuel cell have been studied. At 38 A degrees C using glucose solution of 1450 mg L-1 and external resistance of 2500 Omega, the optimum output voltage of 687 mV and removal rate of 83% for chemical oxygen demand were obtained in the microbial fuel cell. The prepared nanomaterials are stable and reusable.
In this paper, the sensitivity of look-ahead economic dispatch in real-time power markets with respect to data perturbation is studied. In the look-ahead dispatch optimization problem, a small change in the data that are used for setting the interspatial and temporal equality/inequality constraints and the objective function may negatively affect normal operations, such as the calculation of real-time wholesale electricity prices and operating costs. This could lead to more distorted prices and larger operating costs with the look-ahead dispatch than with a static dispatch that use data for a single future time. We perturb Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions of the look-ahead dispatch optimization formulation and then, using them, derive a linear sensitivity matrix that assesses the impact of data corruption on look-ahead dispatch. This matrix illustrates the changing optimal solution of look-ahead dispatch subject to potential corruption in various types of spatial and temporal data-generator's bidding cost coefficients, capacity limits for generators and transmission lines, ramp rates and the estimate of initial generation output with ramp constraints, and multiple-time series of the forecast load for the look-ahead horizon. The results of the simulation are illustrated with numerical examples in the IEEE 14-bus system.
This paper concerns the net effects of promoting renewable energies on value added and disposable income in Germany, as well as their distribution among regions and income brackets. Since its entry into force, the German Renewable Energy Sources Act (EEG) has stimulated tremendous investments in renewable energy capacities by guaranteeing investors a fixed price per kWh as well as a preferred feed into the grid over electricity from conventional sources. The policy measures are financed by a surcharge on electricity prices. In recent years, a controversy has arisen about potentially negative regional and social distribution effects. In this paper, multiregional price and quantity input-output models with endogenous heterogeneous households are used to trace the indirect impacts of the EEG on value added and disposable income through the complex network of regional value chains. Our findings suggest that the generation of electricity from renewable sources itself leads to small positive impacts on industries, but leads to a significant drain on household income and'has regressive distributive effects. However, investment in new capacities may possibly transform these negative impacts into a positive direction for the majority of households. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
In this, study, a type-2 fuzzy chance-constrained programming (TFCP) method is developed for supporting energy systems planning (ESP) under uncertainty. TFCP incorporates chance-constrained programming within a type-2 fuzzy programming framework to handle uncertainties (i.e. type-2 fuzzy sets and probabilistic distributions) in the objective and constraints, as well as to examine the reliability of satisfying (or risk of violating) system constraints. A TFCP-based energy system (TFCP-ES) model is then formulated for energy systems planning of Shanghai, where multi-energy resources, multi-processing technologies, multi-conversion technologies and multi-end users are considered. Solutions of energy supply, electricity generation, capacity expansion, and air-pollutant emission associated with different constraint-violation risks are obtained. Results reveal that (i) natural gas is one of the major energy-supply sources for the city in the future (increasing by 13.0%); (ii) the city's electricity-generation structure tends to the transition from coal-dominated into clean energy-dominated (e.g., natural gas, onshore wind, offshore wind, and photovoltaic power); (iii) the city's energy-supply security is enhanced by provoking the utilization of renewable energies (increasing by 1.0%). The results are helpful for managers to adjust the city's current energy structure, enhance the energy supply security, as well as make tradeoff between system cost and constraint-violation risk. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The European Directive regarding the promotion of energy from renewable sources (Directive 2009/28 EC) specifies separate national targets for each member state of the EU community, in order at least 20% of EU total energy demands to be met by renewable energy sources by 2020. The analysis performed in this work highlights that grid connected photovoltaic (PV) systems bring remarkable energy benefits to the electricity supply of Greece, meeting in parallel its national targets. This is validated with data reported from the operator of Hellenic Electricity Market (LAGIE). On the other hand a mass energy production coming from PV systems without energy storage units and sufficient electricity network architectures is liable to cause severe disturbances to the Greek electricity network. This issue is acknowledged by representative data from the Hellenic Electricity Power Transmission and Distribution Network Operators (ADMIE and HEDNO). Furthermore, sustainable and innovative electricity network architectures (such as micro-grids, smart-grids and web of cells), as well as innovative intermittent Renewable Energy Sources (RES) stabilization techniques are discussed, in order to facilitate high PVs integration level. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper proposes a positive temperature coefficient (PTC) self-heating method, in which EVs can be operated independently of external power source at low temperature, with a lithium-ion battery (LIB) pack discharging electricity to provide PTC material with power. Three comparative heating experiments have been carried out respectively. With charge/discharge tests implemented, results demonstrate the superiority of the self-heating method, proving that the discharge capability, especially the discharge capacity of the self-heated pack is better than that of the external power heated pack. In order to evaluate the heating effect of this method, further studies are conducted on temperature distribution uniformity in the heated pack. Firstly, a geometric model is established, and heat-generation rate of PTC materials and LIB are calculated. Then, thermal characteristics of the self-heating experiment processes are numerically simulated, validating the accuracy of our modeling and confirming that temperature distributions inside the pack after heating are kept in good uniformity. Therefore, the PTC self-heating method is verified to have a significant effect on the improvement of performance of LIB at low temperature.
Nuclear Power Plants (NPPs) have been historically deployed to cover the base-load of the electricity demand. Nowadays some NPPs might perform daily load cycling operation (i.e. load following) between 50% and 100% of their rated power. With respect to the insertion of control rods or comparable action to reduce the nuclear power generation, a more efficient alternative might be the "Load Following by Cogeneration", i.e. diverting the excess of power, respect to the electricity demand, to an auxiliary system. A suitable cogeneration system needs: 1. To have a demand of electricity and/or heat in the region of 500 MWe-1.5 GWt; 2. To meet a significant market demand; 3. To have access to adequate input to process; 4. To be flexible: cogeneration might operate at full load during the night when the request of electricity is low, and be turned off during the daytime. From the economic standpoint, it is essential that the investment in the auxiliary system is profitable. This paper provides a techno-economic assessment of systems potentially suitable for coupling with a NPP for load following. The results show that district heating, desalination and hydrogen might be technically and economically feasible. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The increasing share of variable renewable energy sources and the improving requirements on system security and reliability are calling for important changes in our energy systems. The synergies between energy supply networks are of great importance to satisfy the development of the integrated energy system (IES). Hence this paper presents the study of the coordinated scheduling strategy (CSS), in which, the models of the electricity network and gas network are developed in detail, and the operation constraints of the networks are fully considered. The purpose of the CSS is to optimize the conflicting benefits of the electricity network arid gas network for daily operation of the IES, while satisfying the operation constraints. In the CSS, a multi-objective optimization algorithm is applied to obtain a Pareto-optimal solution set, and a multiple attribute decision analysis (MADA) using interval evidential reasoning (IER) is developed to determine a final optimal daily operation solution for the IES. Simulation studies are conducted on an IES consisting of a modified IEEE 30-bus electricity network and a 15-node gas network to verify the effectiveness of the CSS, and to evaluate the interdependency between the electricity network and gas network. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
As part of EU incentives, the UK government have set ambitious environmental targets relating to energy consumption including a reduction of carbon emissions of 80% by 2050. The use of various technologies can help meet these targets as well as providing a secure energy source for the UK in the future. This research took the UK as a case study and investigated where reduction measures are most suited to reduce energy consumption. This paper presents a review on the current state-of-the-art on the domestic technology available, in particular solar energy, heat pumps, phase changing materials (PCMs) and micro combined heat and power (micro-CHP) systems, aiming at identifying research and development opportunities for energy saving in these fields. Furthermore, the financial as well as environmental aspects are assessed as these are the two key considerations of typical household. A typical UK house design, including the floor plan, is created through the use of computer aided design (CAD) software. The house design gives a payback period between 8.7 years at best and 11.6 years at worst.
To find a balance between food and energy security, this research presents the design of an energy self-sufficient farm in electricity, heat and bioethanol, which is produced by energy crops and agricultural residues. The farm proposed is evaluated by two models: Land Optimization and Cost Optimization. Due to the food-fuel debate over land and the detriment of food security, this research proposes utilizing the current abandoned land and increasing the food self-sufficiency ratio (FSSR) of the crops analyzed (rice, wheat and maize). The farm is optimized for several food and fuel demands, with a maximum farm unit size of 100 ha. The result is a myriad of farms of different sizes, each optimized for a certain demand. Subsequently, the amount and variety of such farms are optimized maximizing the food and fuel produced for each city of the case study (Miyagi Prefecture, Japan). The results suggest that the establishment of energy self-sufficient farms in the abandoned land can stimulate the biofuel industry and increase food security simultaneously. The FSSR of maize and wheat can be improved in approximately 10-25 and 7-9 %, respectively. The estimated bioethanol potential is 3.2-3.8 ML. Additionally, a surplus of electricity and heat, approximately 61-65 GWh and 60-165 MJ, respectively, is obtained. As the Land Optimization model proposed is sensitive to crop yields, a simultaneous evaluation is recommended. The results also suggest that the farms must be larger than 8 ha to achieve self-sufficiency; therefore, the policies involved need further evaluation.
Renewable energies have great potential to contribute to CO2 emissions reductions by substituting for fossil fuels. This study examines whether renewable energies with learning-by-doing technical change can compete with forest carbon sequestration to cost-efficiently achieve the EU carbon target for 2050. Cost-efficient abatement solutions are obtained using a dynamic optimisation model that accounts for three kinds of mitigation options: renewable energies and abatement in the forest and fossil fuel sectors. The results show a net present cost of reaching the target of approximately 225 billion Euros and a carbon price of 306 Euro/ton CO2 in 2050. Furthermore, the stock of renewables in 2050 can deliver almost twice as much as the current electricity production from renewables, which implies a contribution of 8.2% to meeting the emissions target. However, the average cost per unit emissions reduction is more than twice as high for renewables as for forest carbon sequestration. Hence, the results indicate that renewables are unable to compete with forest carbon sequestration unless they receive continued government support. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hybrid microgrids are expected to play an important role in the expansion of access to electricity in developing countries. While most of these systems are operated with dispatch strategies which do not make use of predictions about the load or about the availability of renewable energy resources, forecast-based strategies have recently gained attention as an alternative to bring down operation costs. In this work, we develop a framework to assess this potential under a range of assumptions about the quality of load and photovoltaic generation forecasts. The application of the methodology to a village of 600 households reveals cost savings ranging between 2% and 7% depending on the forecast quality and the composition of the microgrid. We also show that sizing microgrid components under the assumption of a predictive operation strategy results in a design with a higher share of intermittent generation. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In this study, a model is presented to obtain the parameters of penalty and reward scheme (PRS) in performance-based regulation (PBR) for each electricity distribution company (EDC) using analytical hierarchy process (AHP) and fuzzy c-means clustering (FCM). In the FCM algorithm, similar companies were categorized into clusters. By using AHP, score of effective factor in reliability index was obtained. In this model, external factors affecting EDCs performance were considered to reduce the risk of PBR implementation for companies and customers. The proposed model was applied on the EDCs in Iran. The results, including AHP score, parameters of PRS and PRS cost were calculated. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Increase in power demand has required providing infrastructure, such as huge power plants and transmission lines. However, the recent trends in power system planning and operation are being toward maximum utilization of existing electricity infrastructure with tight operating margins because of new constraints placed by economic, political, and environmental issues. This might cause serious stability problems when a severe fault or a sudden outage of critical lines occurs. Therefore, the special protection scheme (SPS) has been used by generator tripping and successive load shedding to prevent a large-scale blackout by the cascading effect. If the number of tripping generators in the SPS operation is reduced, the enormous cost of power outage can be saved. This paper analyzes the enhancement of SPS via the transient stability improvement by the static synchronous compensator (STATCOM) applied to a generation side of Korea electric power system. First, its characteristic related to the SPS is described. Then, the proper capacity of STATCOM is determined with the equal area criterion to reduce the number of tripping generators. Also, the new control method for STATCOM is proposed for its full utilization. Finally, its effectiveness is verified by the case study with the practical data of Korea electric power system.
The focus of this work is to model the hydrodeoxygenation process to produce renewable jet fuel and co-products from low-input oilseeds, specifically camelina, carinata (non-edible oil) and used cooking oil (UCO), taking into account the fatty acid compositions by incorporating the stoichiometric hydrodeoxygenation reactions. This methodology provides insight into the effect of feedstock composition and hydrodeoxygenation reactions upon product yields, product distribution, hydrogen consumption and process utilities. The resulting product slates, hydrogen gas and utility demands are specific to each of the camelina, carinata and UCO feedstocks. The yield of kerosene-range alkanes ranged from 53 to 54% of the incoming oil, with 13-14% diesel range alkanes, 13-15% naphtha, and 7-9% liquefied petroleum gas, depending upon the fatty acid composition. The hydrogen consumption rate ranged from 26 to 30 kg per tonne of incoming oil, depending upon the degree of bond unsaturation. Thermal energy demand is 2.8 GJ/tonne oil when processing used cooking oil, versus 5.2 and 5.7 GJ/tonne of oil for carinata and camelina, respectively, owing to the additional energy required for oil extraction. Electricity demand was 73 kWh/tonne oil for UCO, versus 170 and 227 kWh/tonne oil for carinata and camelina. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
China is currently the world's largest emitter of carbon dioxide. Considered as a large agricultural country, carbon emission in China's agriculture sector keeps on growing rapidly. It is, therefore, of great importance to investigate the driving forces of carbon dioxide emissions in this sector. The traditional regression estimation can only get "average" and "global" parameter estimates; it excludes the "local" parameter estimates which vary across space in some spatial systems. Geographically weighted regression embeds the latitude and longitude of the sample data into the regression parameters, and uses the local weighted least squares method to estimate the parameters point-by-point. To reveal the nonstationary spatial effects of driving forces, geographically weighted regression model is employed in this paper. The results show that economic growth is positively correlated with emissions, with the impact in the western region being less than that in the central and eastern regions. Urbanization is positively related to emissions but produces opposite effects pattern. Energy intensity is also correlated with emissions, with a decreasing trend from the eastern region to the central and western regions. Therefore, policymakers should take full account of the spatial nonstationarity of driving forces in designing emission reduction policies.
The importance of the performance of frequency regulation has already been acknowledged by regulators and Independent System Operators (ISOs). A performance-based frequency regulation market model considering both regulation capacity and regulation mileage constraints is proposed in this paper. In the proposed market, high-performance regulation resources have higher priorities to be selected in the market. Market clearing prices are derived with Lagrange relaxation. The analysis of the components of market clearing prices accurately indicates the correlation between regulation capacity and regulation mileage. To accommodate the proposed regulation market design, AGC allocation algorithm is adjusted based on the market clearing results. The clearing procedure of the market model is demonstrated on an illustrative case. The proposed market design is tested and verified with market simulations and system dynamic simulations. Simulation results are discussed and compared to show the effectiveness of the proposed market design. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Medical electronic implants can significantly improve people's health and quality of life. These implants are typically powered by batteries, which usually have a finite lifetime and therefore must be replaced periodically using surgical procedures. Recently, subdermal solar cells that can generate electricity by absorbing light transmitted through skin have been proposed as a sustainable electricity source to power medical electronic implants in bodies. However, the results to date have been obtained with animal models. To apply the technology to human beings, electrical performance should be characterized using human skin covering the subdermal solar cells. In this paper, we present electrical performance results (up to 9.05 mW/cm(2)) of the implantable solar cell array under 59 human skin samples isolated from 10 cadavers. The results indicate that the power densities depend on the thickness and tone of the human skin, e.g., higher power was generated under thinner and brighter skin. The generated power density is high enough to operate currently available medical electronic implants such as pacemakers that require tens of microwatt.
Current ambitions to limit climate change to no more than 1.5 degrees C-2 degrees C by the end of the 21st century rely heavily on the availability of negative emissions technologies (NETs)-bioenergy with CO2 capture and storage (BECCS) and direct air capture in particular. In this context, these NETs are providing a specific service by removing CO2 from the atmosphere, and therefore investors would expect an appropriate risk-adjusted rate of return, varying as a function of the quantity of public money involved. Uniquely, BECCS facilities have the possibility to generate both low carbon power and remove CO2 from the atmosphere, but in an energy system characterised by high penetration of intermittent renewable energy such as wind and solar power plants, the dispatch load factor of such BECCS facilities may be small relative to their capacity. This has the potential to significantly under utilise these assets for their primary purpose of removing CO2 from the atmosphere. In this study, we present a techno-economic environmental evaluation of BECCS plants with a range of operating efficiencies, considering their full-and part-load operation relative to a national-scale annual CO2 removal target. We find that in all cases, a lower capital cost, lower efficiency BECCS plant is superior to a higher cost, higher efficiency facility from both environmental and economic perspectives. We show that it may be preferable to operate the BECCS facility in base-load fashion, constantly removing CO2 from the atmosphere and dispatching electricity on an as-needed basis. We show that the use of this 'spare capacity' to produce hydrogen for, e.g. injection to a natural gas system for the provision of low carbon heating can add to the overall environmental and economic benefit of such a system. The only point where this hypothesis appears to break down is where the CO2 emissions associated with the biomass supply chain are sufficiently large so as to eliminate the service of CO2 removal.
We present a scalable computing framework for the solution stochastic multiobjective optimization problems. The proposed framework uses a nested conditional value-at-risk (hCVaR) metric to find compromise solutions among conflicting random objectives. We prove that the associated nCVaR minimization problem can be cast as a standard stochastic programming problem with expected value (linking) constraints. We also show that these problems can be implemented in a modular and compact manner using PLASM (a Julia-based structured modeling framework) and can be solved efficiently using PIPS-NLP (a parallel nonlinear solver). We apply the framework to a CHP design study in which we seek to find compromise solutions that trade-off cost, water, and emissions in the face of uncertainty in electricity and water demands. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Limiting global warming to well below 2 degrees C requires the transformation of the global energy system at a scale unprecedented since the industrial revolution. To meet this 2 degrees C goal, 87% of integrated assessment models opt for using bioenergy with carbon capture and storage (BECCS). Without BECCS, the models predict that the goal will be either unachievable or substantially more costly to meet. While the modeling literature is extensive, studies of how key climate policy actors perceive and prioritize BECCS are sparse. This article provides a unique intercontinental mapping of the prioritization of BECCS for the long term transition of the electricity supply sector. Based on survey responses from 711 UN climate change conference delegates, the article reports the low prioritization of BECCS relative to alternative technologies, indicating an urgent need for studies of the sociopolitical preconditions for large-scale BECCS deployment.
This paper presents a computational platform for dynamic security assessment (DSA) of large electricity grids, developed as part of the iTesla project. It leverages high performance computing to analyze large power systems, with many scenarios and possible contingencies, thus paving the way for pan-European operational stability analysis. The results of the DSA are summarized by decision trees of 11 stability indicators. The platform's workflow and parallel implementation architecture is described in detail, including the way commercial tools are integrated into a plug-in architecture. A case study of the French grid is presented, with over 8000 scenarios and 1980 contingencies. Performance data of the case study (using 10 000 parallel cores) is analyzed, including task timings and data flows. Finally, the generated decision trees are compared with test data to quantify the functional performance of the DSA platform.
The deployment of renewable energy technologies, such as solar photovoltaics and wind turbines, poses challenges in terms of electricity grid stability due to the intermittent nature of such energy sources, which creates a need for innovative storage solutions. We demonstrate a metal hydride-based hybrid electrochemical system that enables a solid-oxide fuel cell to operate in both fuel cell mode and battery mode, allowing for un-interrupted electricity generation. In the fuel cell mode, the device acts as a conventional fuel cell and converts the chemical energy stored in fuels into electrical energy. In the battery mode, the metal hydride near the anode releases hydrogen and quickly responds to fuel supply interruption or power demand surges. The concept demonstrated here is a promising way to provide a robust and economical solution for balancing power supply and demand for the electrical grid of the future.
The assessment of the economic potential of wind electricity is of critical importance for wind power development in China. Based on the wind resource data between 1995 and 2014 and geological assumptions, this paper calculates economic potential of China's onshore wind electricity. Furthermore, it builds an econometric model to update the net-present-value model, based on a survey sample of various wind farms. Results show that the economic potential of China's onshore wind electricity is 8.13 PWh per year with a feed-in-tariff price at 0.60 yuan (about 9.6 U.S. cents) per kilowatt-hour. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The increasing demand for electricity caused by a growing number of electric vehicles (EV) might challenge future energy systems. For a smooth integration of the electricity demand from EV, a comprehensive knowledge of its characteristics is essential. The analysis of charging behavior patterns of EV and resulting load profiles become important premises for this crucial task. Three electric mobility studies in Germany's southwestern region (Get eReady, iZEUS, and CROME) deliver comprehensive data of EV use for this purpose. In this paper we analyze and discuss the mobility and charging characteristics of this data in detail. We derive empirical EV load profiles and show how they are affected by charging management. We present a model to simulate EV loads based on statistical characteristics of the conducted studies. The resulting charging load profiles show similar patterns as other EV studies. The developed simulation model and its results (see supplementary data available online) allow a realistic representation of EV demand in analyses of future energy systems. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home solar systems have the promise of bringing great welfare benefits to poor households without access to the electricity grid. We study the welfare impacts brought by the purchase of a popular home solar system in Uganda, d.light's D20g, and estimate impacts using prospective individual-level matching. We find substantial impacts on energy spending, with treatment households saving approximately 1.40 USD/week, which corresponds to 77 per cent of the comparison group's weekly energy expenditure. Assuming this savings stays constant, households will break even on their initial purchase after 3.14years, and accrue net energy savings of 134 USD over the 5-year expected lifetime of the D20g. We also find improved self-reported health and safety outcomes, as treatment households reported fewer lower incidence of coughing (9 percentage points). They also report a nearly complete elimination of fires and burns from lighting sources, compared to around 10 per cent of households reporting such incidents in the comparison group. We do not find impact on productive time use such as studying or working.
This paper presents a power management system of a household photovoltaic-battery hybrid power system within demand side management under time of use electricity tariff. This system is easy to implement by employing cheap electrical switches, off-the-shelf chargers and inverters. Control system models combining both power dispatching level and home appliance scheduling level are proposed to minimize the residents` energy cost and energy consumption from the grid with the practical constraints strictly satisfied. In addition, the resident comfort inconvenience level is considered in the control system models. The trade-off among operating cost, energy consumption and inconvenience is considered and a multi-objective optimization problem is formulated. The optimal control strategies are derived by solving a mixed-integer nonlinear programming problem. Simulation results show that the energy cost and energy consumption from the grid can be largely reduced with the proposed strategies. These results are important for customers to dispel their major uncertainty in determining whether to newly install or update to such photovoltaic-battery hybrid power systems. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Building-integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) Trombe wall system can provide heating/cooling and generate electricity simultaneously. Precedent studies on the BIPV Trombe wall system were focused on two major types, one with PV cells attached to glass (BIPVGTW) and the other with that attached to mass wall (BIPVMTW), characterized by low thermal (BIPVGTW) and electric efficiency (BIPVMTW). This study presents a PV blind-integrated Trombe wall system (BIPVBTW). Adopting developed models on the BIPVBTW, the optimum PV blind slat angles over three seasons (summer, winter and mid-term seasons) and time of day (9:00-17:00) are investigated. Comparative assessment of the three BIPV Trombe wall systems are conducted all year round under Hefei weather conditions, in terms of thermal and electrical performance. The results have illustrated that annual electricity output of BIPVBTW system is similar to that of BIPVGTW system, which is 1.2 times that of the BIPVMTW system. The BIPVGTW system is superior to the BIPVBTW/BIPVMTW systems in cooling load reduction, while using PVBTW/PVMTW heating load is decreased significantly compared to using the PVGTW. Combining electricity generation and cooling/heating load reduction, the total electricity saving of BIPVBTW system is over 45% higher compared to BIPVGTW/BIPVMTW systems. CO2 emissions reduction of the BIPVBTW system are about 1.5 times that of BIPVGTW/BIPVMTW systems. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
While several studies have examined the effect of renewable portfolio standard laws on renewable generation in states, previous literature has not assessed the potential for spatial dependence in these policies. Using recent spatial panel methods, this paper estimates a number of econometric models to examine the impact of RPS policies when spatial autocorrelation is taken into account. Consistent with previous literature, we find that RPS laws do not have a significant impact on renewable generation within a state. However, we find evidence that state RPS laws have a significant positive impact on the share of renewable generation in the NERC region as a whole. These findings provide evidence that electricity markets are efficiently finding the lowest-cost locations to serve renewable load in states with more stringent RPS laws. In addition, our results suggest that RPS laws may be more effective tools for environmental policy than for economic development.
Several studies on sustainable technologies for the built environment (e.g., green roofs, green walls, etc.) have been carried out. Many of these focus on the technical performance of such technologies. Nonetheless, it also becomes necessary to examine how the public perceives such technologies. This understanding is clearly important to support their widespread use. More specifically, such perception can be incorporated into product design to increase people's acceptance. The contribution of this paper is twofold. First, it presents results of a survey examining the perception of people from a small city in the Southern region of Brazil (Feliz, RS) regarding three sustainable technologies: green roofs, green walls, and composting (or dry) toilets. Second, it proposes a set of preliminary design guidelines to improve acceptance of more sustainable technologies based on people's perception: (1) make the technology look good; (2) make visible the benefits provided by the technology; and (3) design the technology to avoid misunderstandings and concerns. (C) 2016 American Society of Civil Engineers.
Exposure to air pollution claimed the lives of about seven million people worldwide in 2010, largely from combustion of solid biomass fuels. Bioenergy is an alternative renewable source which can mitigate a climate change. Little is known about the human health and ecosystem effects of bioenergy, mainly in the electricity sector. This research applied a life cycle assessment approach to examine the human health and ecosystem effects of four bioenergy pathways: direct combustion of wood biomass, direct combustion of forest residue, direct combustion of pellets, and biomass integrated gasification and combined cycle (BIGCC). All pathways showed some variability of impacts; therefore, no single bioenergy pathway was the best absolute option. With the exception of the slightly higher human health impact, BIGCC has the least impact for all impact categories. However, all bioenergy systems implied lower ecosystem impact but higher human health impact as compared to climate change impact. Electricity generation from wood-biomass would improve the environmental sustainability of Alberta's electricity grid system because it reduces the human health and ecosystem impacts, as compared to the existing electricity production mix of the province. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The United States Geological Survey estimates that over four trillion barrels of crude oil are currently trapped within U.S. oil shale reserves. However, no cost-effective, environmentally sustainable method for oil production from oil shale currently exists. Given the continuing demand for low-cost fossil-fuel production, alternative methods for shale-oil extraction are needed. Geothermic Fuel Cells (TM) (GFC) harness the heat generated by high-temperature solid oxide fuel cells during electricity generation to process oil shale into "sweet" crude oil. In this paper, a thermo-electrochemical model is exercised to simulate the performance of a 4.5 kW(e) (gross) Geothermic Fuel Cell module for in situ oil-shale processing. The GFC analyzed in this work is a prototype which contains three 1.5 kW(e) solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) stack-and-combustor assemblies packaged within a 0.3 m diameter, 1.8 m tall, stainless-steel housing. The high-temperature process heat produced by the SOFCs during electricity generation is used to retort oil shale within underground geological formations into high-value shale oil and natural gas. A steady-state system model is developed in Aspen Plus (TM) using user-defined subroutines to predict the stack electrochemical performance and the heat-rejection from the module. The model is validated against empirical data from independent single-stack performance testing and full GFC-module experiments. Following model validation, further simulations are performed for different values of current, fuel and air utilization to study their influence on system electrical and heating performance. The model is used to explore a wider range of operating conditions than can be experimentally tested, and provides insight into the competing physical processes at play during Geothermic Fuel Cell operation. Results show that the operating conditions can be tuned to generate desired heat-flux conditions as needed across applications. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Energy management strategies (EMSs) are critical for the improvement of fuel economy of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs). However, conventional EMSs hardly consider the influence of uphill terrain on the fuel economy and battery life, leaving vehicles with insufficient battery power for continuous uphill terrains. Hence, in this study, an optimal control strategy for a PHEV based on the road grade information is proposed. The target state of charge (SOC) is estimated based on the road grade information as well as the predicted driving cycle on uphill road obtained from the GPS/GIS system. Furthermore, the trajectory of the SOC is preplanned to ensure sufficient electricity for the uphill terrain in the charge depleting (CD) and charge sustaining (CS) modes. The genetic algorithm is applied to optimize the parameters of the control strategy to maintain the SOC of battery in the CD mode. The pre-charge mode is designed to charge the battery in the CS mode from a reasonable distance before the uphill terrain. Finally, the simulation model of the powertrain system for the PHEV is established using MATLAB/Simulink platform. The results show that the proposed control strategy based on road-grade information helps successfully achieve better fuel economy and longer battery life.
Predictive control has attracted much attention and has been widely used in power electronics and electric drives. However, further developments for applications in the field of renewable energy systems are still under investigation. In this paper, the principles of predictive control are studied with a focus on model predictive control (MPC) and vector-sequence-based predictive control (VPC). Based on these techniques, two control strategies for flexible power supply are developed. They are implemented in the most promising renewable energy systems, namely solar photovoltaic (PV) systems and wind generators, respectively. The experimental results based on a laboratory prototype show that the active and reactive powers supplied by the PV and wind generator can be controlled flexibly with excellent steady-state and transient performance. As the penetration level of the renewable energy sources in electricity network continues to rise, predictive control tends to be an attractive and powerful technique for power electronics converters in renewable energy systems.
Power to gas (P2G) may be used to store curtailed electricity whilst converting the energy vector to gas. To be economically viable these systems require cheap electricity and a cheap concentrated source of CO2. Biogas produced from anaerobic digestion typically comprises of 60% methane and 40% CO2. The P2G system substitutes for the conventional upgrading system by using hydrogen (derived from surplus wind electricity) to react with CO2 and increases the methane output. The potential CO2 production from biogas in Ireland associated with typical wet substrates is assessed as more than 4 times greater than that required by the potential level of H-2 from curtailed electricity. Wind energy curtailment in 2020 in Ireland is assessed conservatively at 2175GW(e)h/a. Thus P2G is limited by levels of curtailment of electricity rather than biogas systems. It is shown that 1 GW(e)h of electricity used to produce H-2 for upgrading biogas in a P2G system can affect a savings of 97 tonnes CO2. The cost of hydrogen is assessed at (sic)0.96/m(3) renewable methane when the price of electricity is (sic)c5/kW(e)h. This leads to a cost of compressed renewable gas from grass of (sic)1.8/m(3). This drops to (sic)1.1/m(3) when electricity is purchased at (sic)c0.2/1cW(e)h. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Over the past years, many representations for time series were proposed with the main purpose of dimensionality reduction and as a support for various algorithms in the domain of time series data processing. However, most of the transformation algorithms are not directly applicable on streams of data but only on static collections of the data as they are iterative in their nature. In this work we propose a symbolic representation of time series along with a method for transformation of time series data into the proposed representation. As one of the basic requirements for applicable representation is the distance measure which would accurately reflect the true shape of the data, we propose a distance measure operating on the proposed representation and lower bounding the Euclidean distance on the original data. We evaluate properties of the proposed representation and the distance measure on the UCR collection of datasets. As we focus on stream data processing, we evaluate the properties and limitations of the proposed representation on very long time series from the domain of electricity consumption monitoring, simulating the processing of potentially unbound data stream. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Purpose Knowledge regarding environmental impacts of agricultural systems is required. Consideration of uncertainty in life cycle assessment (LCA) provides additional scientific information for decision making. The aims of this study were to compare the environmental impacts of different growing cherry tomato cultivation scenarios under Mediterranean conditions and to assess the uncertainty associated to the different agricultural production scenarios. Materials and methods The burdens associated to cherry tomato production were calculated and evaluated by the LCA methodology. The functional unit (FU) chosen for this study was the mass unit of 1 t of commercial loose cherry tomatoes. This study included the quantitative uncertainty analysis through Monte Carlo simulation. Three scenarios were considered: greenhouse (GH), screenhouse (SH), and open field (OF). The flows and processes of the product scenario were structured in several sections: structure, auxiliary equipment, fertilizers, crop management, pesticides, and waste management. Six midpoint impact categories were selected for their relevance: climate change, terrestrial acidification, marine eutrophication, metal depletion, and fossil depletion using the impact evaluation method Recipe Midpoint and ecotoxicity using USEtox. Results and discussion The structure, auxiliary equipment, and fertilizers produced the largest environmental impacts in cherry tomato production. The greatest impact in these stages was found in the manufacture and drawing of the steel structures, manufacture of perlite, the amount of HDPE plastics used, and the electricity consumed by the irrigation system and the manufacture and application of fertilizers. GH was the cropping scenario with the largest environmental impact in most categories (varying from 18 and 37% higher than SH and OF, respectively, in metal depletion, to 96% higher than SH and OF, in eutrophication). OF showed the highest uncertainty in ecotoxicity, with a bandwidth of 60 CTUe and a probability of 100 and 99.4% to be higher than GH and SH, respectively. Conclusions The LCA was used to improve the identification and evaluation of the environmental burdens for cherry tomato production in the Mediterranean area. This study demonstrates the significance of conducting uncertainty analyses for comparative LCAs used in comparative relative product environmental impacts.
A load estimation algorithm based on k-means cluster analysis was developed. The algorithm applies cluster centres - of previously clustered load profiles - and distance functions to estimate missing and future measurements. Canberra, Manhattan, Euclidean, and Pearson correlation distances were investigated. Several case studies were implemented using daily and segmented load profiles of aggregated smart meters. Segmented profiles cover a time window that is less than or equal to 24 h. Simulation results show that Canberra distance outperforms the other distance functions. Results also show that the segmented cluster centres produce more accurate load estimates than daily cluster centres. Higher accuracy estimates were obtained with cluster centres in the range of 16-24 h. The developed load 'estimation algorithm can be integrated with state estimation or other network operational tools to enable better monitoring and control of distribution networks. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Germany appears set to miss its CO2 reduction target in 2020. As a result, ideas for additional political measures have been put forward. One such idea involves an early phase-out of coal-fired power plants. However, the possible impacts of such a phase-out on the energy system have not yet been fully analyzed. We therefore apply a German energy system model to analyze these impacts. To do so, we calculate three different scenarios. The first represents a business-as-usual scenario, while the second takes a coal phase-out into account. The third scenario has to achieve the same CO2 reduction as the second without being forced to implement a coal phase-out. Our three scenarios show that a definitive coal phase-out by 2040 would result in only a relatively small amount of additional CO2. However, an equal CO2 reduction can be obtained using a different strategy and slightly lower costs. In the latter scenario, the additional costs are also distributed more evenly across the sectors. The sensitivities analyzed show the robustness of the conclusions drawn. In summary, this analysis outlines what consequences could arise by excluding several options in parallel from a technology portfolio. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Traditional power grid and its demand-side management (DSM) techniques are centralized and mainly focus on industrial consumers. The ignorance of residential and commercial sectors in DSM activities degrades the overall performance of a conventional grid. Therefore, the concept of DSM and demand response (DR) via residential sector makes the smart grid (SG) superior over the traditional grid. In this context, this paper proposes an optimized home energy management system (OHEMS) that not only facilitates the integration of renewable energy source (RES) and energy storage system (ESS) but also incorporates the residential sector into DSM activities. The proposed OHEMS minimizes the electricity bill by scheduling the household appliances and ESS in response to the dynamic pricing of electricity market. First, the constrained optimization problem is mathematically formulated by using multiple knapsack problems, and then solved by using the heuristic algorithms; genetic algorithm (GA), binary particle swarm optimization (BPSO), wind driven optimization (WDO), bacterial foraging optimization (BFO) and hybrid GA-PSO (HGPO) algorithms. The performance of the proposed scheme and heuristic algorithms is evaluated via MATLAB simulations. Results illustrate that the integration of RES and ESS reduces the electricity bill and peak-to-average ratio (PAR) by 19.94% and 21.55% respectively. Moreover, the HGPO algorithm based home energy management system outperforms the other heuristic algorithms, and further reduces the bill by 25.12% and PAR by 24.88%.
Power system reliability faces serious challenges when supply shortage occurs because of unexpected generation or transmission line outages especially during extreme weather conditions. Alternative to conventional approaches that solicit aids from the generation side, operators can now leverage the demand-side resources through a variety of electricity market mechanisms to balance the active power and enhance system reliability. The benefits of the demand response (DR) have long been recognized in many works and empirical cases. Systematic analyses, however, have never been addressed to assess the values of the market-based DR for supporting system reliability. In this paper, a case study on the performance of DR in PJM Interconnections during the 2014 North American Polar Vortex is provided to highlight the significant contributions to improving system reliability and maintaining grid stability from DR programs. The unique merits in technical, economic and environmental aspects exhibited by DR during this extreme event verse conventional system-reliability-improving approaches are also demonstrated accordingly. Furthermore, we reveal the difference of DR programs driven by various existing market mechanisms after describing the fundamental DR functions. Values of various DR programs are also highlighted. At last, challenges and opportunities facing China on the design and implementation of DR programs during the transform from the monopoly scheme to an open electricity market during the power industry restructuring in recent years are also discussed. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A quickest change detection (QCD) algorithm is proposed to address the problem of detecting and identifying line outages in a power system. The statistics of electricity demand are assumed to be known and propagated through a linearized model of the equations describing the power flow balance at each node of the network. The proposed algorithm incorporates the transient dynamics of the power system following a line outage and is applied to the measurements of voltage phase angles, which are collected using phasor measurement units. This adaptive algorithm is developed by treating the QCD problem as a dynamic composite hypothesis testing problem. It is shown to have superior performance compared with other line outage detection algorithms previously proposed in the literature. Case studies demonstrating this gain in performance are illustrated through the IEEE 118-bus test system.
Demand response, defined as the shifting of electricity demand, is generally believed to have value both for the grid and for the market: by matching demand more closely to supply, consumers could profit from lower prices, while in a smart grid environment, more renewable electricity can be used and less grid capacity may be needed. However, the introduction of residential demand response programmes to support the development of smart grids that includes renewable generation is hampered by a number of barriers. This paper reviews these barriers and categorises them for different demand programmes and market players. The case study for the Netherlands shows that barriers can be country specific. Two types of demand response programmes have been identified as being the most promising options for households in smart grids: price-based demand response and direct load control, while they may not be beneficial for market players or distribution system operators. (C) 2016 The Authors. International Journal of Energy Research Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Organic Rankine Cycles (ORCs) are nowadays a valuable technology to produce electricity from low and medium temperature heat sources, e.g., in geothermal, biomass and waste heat recovery applications. Dynamic simulations can help improve the flexibility and operation of such plants, and guarantee a better economic performance. In this work, a dynamic model for a multi-pass kettle evaporator of a geothermal ORC power plant has been developed and its dynamics have been validated against measured data. The model combines the finite volume approach on the tube side and a two-volume cavity on the shell side. To validate the dynamic model, a positive and a negative step function in heat source flow rate is applied. The simulation model performed well in both cases. The liquid level appeared the most challenging quantity to simulate. A better agreement in temperature was achieved by increasing the volume flow rate of the geothermal brine by 2% over the entire simulation. Measurement errors, discrepancies in working fluid and thermal brine properties and uncertainties in heat transfer correlations can account for this. In the future, the entire geothermal power plant will be simulated, and suggestions to improve its dynamics and control by means of simulations will be provided.
This paper investigates the impact of plug-in electric vehicle (EV) integration on the power systems scheduling and energy cost. An intermediary entity, the EV aggregator, participates in the market on behalf of the EV owners by optimally self-scheduling under the price-taking approach. Through detailed rolling simulations for a year and different EVs' penetration scenarios at a large insular power system, this work highlights the different impact of direct and smart charging on power system scheduling and energy costs, the limitations of the price-taking approach, which is widely used in self-scheduling models, and the difference in system value and market value that smart charging adoption creates in restructured markets under the marginal pricing rule.
Flow Induced Motions (FIMs) of rigid circular cylinders, and particularly VIV (Vortex Induced Vibrations) and galloping, are induced by alternating lift. The VIVACE (VIV for Aquatic Clean Energy) Converter uses single or multiple cylinders, in tandem, on elastic end-supports, in synergistic FIM, to convert MHK energy to electricity. Selectively distributed surface roughness is applied to enhance FIM and increase efficiency. In this paper, two cylinders are Used in tandem with center-to-center spacing of 1.57, 2.0 and 2.57 diameters, harnessing damping ratio 0.004<zeta < 0.24, for Reynolds number 30,000 < Re < 120,000. The virtual spring-damping system V-ck in the Marine Renewable Energy Laboratory (MRELab) enables embedded computer-controlled change of viscous-damping and spring-stiffness for fast and mathematically correct oscillator realization, without including the hydrodyllamic force in the closed control loop. Experimental results for oscillatory response, energy harvesting, and efficiency are presented and the envelope of optimal power is derived. All the experiments were conducted in the Low Turbulence Free Surface Water (LTFSW) Channel of the MRELab of the University of Michigan. The main conclusions are: (1) For the tested cylinder spacing, two cylinders harness power is between 2.56 and 13.49 times the power of a single cylinder, the efficiency of two cylinders is between 2.0 and 6.68 of a single cylinder. (2) The MHK power harnessed by the upstream cylinder is increased by up to 100%, affected by the downstream cylinder. (3) The MHK power harnessed by the downstream cylinder and its FIM are affected to a lesser extent by the interaction. (4) VIVACE can harness energy from flows as slow as 0.4 m/s with no upper limit in flow velocity. (5) Close spacing and high spring Stiffness yield highest harnessed power. (6) The optimal harnessed power shifts to softer springs as spacing increases. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Manufacturing cost analysis is becoming an increasingly important tool in the photovoltaics industry to identify research areas that need attention and enable progress towards cost reduction targets. We describe a method to estimate manufacturing cost that is suitable for use during an early stage of technology development, delivering both the manufacturing cost estimate as well as an uncertainty analysis that quickly highlights the opportunities for greatest cost improvement. We apply the technique to three process sequences for the large-scale production of organic-inorganic hybrid perovskite photovoltaic modules. A process sequence that combines two demonstrated perovskite module sequences is estimated to cost $107/m(2) (uncertainty range $87 to 140/m(2)), comparable with commercial crystalline silicon and cadmium telluride technologies (on a US $/m(2) basis). A levelized cost of electricity calculation shows that this perovskite technology would be competitive in 2015 with incumbent photovoltaic technologies if a module power conversion efficiency of 18% and lifetime of 20 years can be achieved. Further analysis shows that even if the cost of the active layers and rear electrode were reduced to zero, a module power conversion efficiency of 18% and lifetime of 20 years would be required to meet the 2020 SunShot levelized cost of electricity targets. Copyright (C) 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
With the global environmental pollution and fossil energy shortage problems getting increasingly serious, renewable energy sources (RES) are drawing more and more attention. In China, RES are experiencing rapid development. However, because of the randomness of RES and the volatility of power output, energy storage technology is needed to chip peak off and fill valley up, promoting RES utilization and economic performance. So to speak, energy storage is the precondition of large-scale integration and consumption of RES. However, China's energy storage industry is at the exploration stage and far from commercialization. This restricts the development of RES to certain extent. For this reason, this paper will concentrate on China's energy storage industry. First, it summarizes the developing status of energy storage industry in China. Then, this paper analyzes the existing problems of China's energy storage industry from the aspects of technical costs, standard system, benefit evaluation and related policies. Finally, solutions are proposed based on the above problems to promote the sound development of China's energy storage industry.
A low-cost mini tubular microbial fuel cell (MFC) was developed for treating groundwater that contained benzene in monitoring wells. Experimental results indicate that increasing the length and density, and reducing the size of the char particles in the anode effectively reduced the internal resistance. Additionally, a thinner polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) hydrogel separator and PVA with a higher molecular weight improved electricity generation. The optimal parameters for the MFC were an anode density of 1.22 g cm(-3), a coke of 150 mu m: an anode length of 6 cm, a PVA of 105,600 g mol(-1), and a separator thickness of 1 cm. Results of continuous-flow experiments reveal that the increasing the sets of MFCs and connecting them in parallel markedly improved the degradation of benzene. More than 95% of benzene was removed and electricity of 38 mW m(-2) was generated. The MFC ran continuously up to 120 days without maintenance. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center (JSLC) is a relatively isolated special zone in the northwest region of China. The potential risk to the energy supply security and the pressure of national greenhouse gas emissions reduction clearly indicates the JSLC's need to lower its dependency on imported fossil fuels and electricity. This article presents a feasibility analysis on the available hybrid energy system based on the renewable energy availability and local electricity demand estimation in 2020 through HOMER model. The simulation results indicate that cost of energy (COE) of the three proposed options are 0.127, 0.033 and 0.123 $/kWh, respectively. It also shows that the proposed hybrid renewable energy systems can reduce carbon emissions by 40-70% compared to electricity from the existing power grid. A sensitivity analysis reveals that the COE has a significant positive relationship with carbon price and discount rate, whereas carbon price shows a significantly distinct impact on the COE for different options considered. The optimization results also show that a grid-connected renewable power system comprised of wind power and natural gas power plant is the most economic and environment-friendly energy supply option for JSLC. However, a hybrid RE system with a local energy storage facility can better guarantee the energy supply safety considering the special function and security needs of the JSLC. This study verified that constructing new coal fired power plants is not a suitable choice from both the cost effectiveness and kenvironmental protection perspectives. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Apples are a widely consumed fruit and have a high polyphenol content. The aim of this study was to analyse the combined effects of osmotic dehydration (OD) and ohmic heating (OH) with a pulsed vacuum (PV) on polyphenol retention during the stored refrigeration of apple cubes. Treatments were performed using a 65 degrees Brix sucrose solution at 30, 40 or 50 degrees C for 120 min, and then, samples were stored for 28 days at 5 degrees C. OH provides an electric field of 13 V cm(-1), and a pulsed vacuum was applied for 5 min at the beginning of the process. The results indicated that a lower temperature process (30-40 degrees C) resulted in the retention of more polyphenol compounds after treatment than a higher temperature process (50 degrees C). Nevertheless, during refrigerated storage, we observed that 50 degrees C preserved these compounds better due to polyphenol oxidase inactivation. PVOD/OH treatment at 50 degrees C was determined to be the best retention of polyphenols from the fresh apple for dehydrating apples.
In the context of a doubly fed induction generator (DFIG) connected to the utility grid under unbalanced voltage conditions, the controller design needs to ensure additional challenges such as restricting the total harmonic distortion (THD) in grid current, minimizing the pulsations in generated power, torque, dc-link voltage, etc., apart from facilitating the generator power control. In this study, a negative-sequence compensation scheme for the magnetizing current in a DFIG is investigated. The reference currents are modified to include the negative-sequence compensating component for the magnetizing current. A rotor-side converter is employed to compensate the pulsations in magnetizing current thereby minimizing the ripple in power and torque. A grid-side converter is used to maintain unity power factor and a constant dc-link voltage. It is revealed that controlling the magnetizing current as a single control target enables simultaneous reduction of pulsations in torque, power, and dc-link voltage and also minimizes unbalance in currents. The effectiveness of the scheme is validated through detailed analysis and numerical simulations in PSCAD/EMTDC for a practical 250 kW DFIG wind generation system and further, through experimental results for a 2.3 kW DFIG test setup. Typical experimental results for the laboratory test setup show an improved performance.
Offshore cultivation of seaweed provides an innovative feedstock for biobased products supporting blue growth in northern Europe. This paper analyzes two alternative exploitation pathways: energy and protein production. The first pathway is based on anaerobic digestion of seaweed which is converted into biogas, for production of electricity and heat, and digestate, used as fertilizer; the second pathway uses seaweed hydrolysate as a substrate for cultivation of heterotrophic microalgae. As a result the seaweed sugars are consumed while new proteins are produced enhancing the total output. We performed a comparative Life Cycle Assessment of five scenarios identifying the critical features affecting resource efficiency and environmental performance of the systems with the aim of providing decision support for the design of future industrial scale production processes. The results show that all scenarios provide environmental benefits in terms of mitigation of climate change, with biogas production from dried Laminaria digitata being the most favorable scenario, quantified as -18.7*10(2) kg CO2 eq./ha. This scenario presents also the lowest consumption of total cumulative energy demand, 1.7*10(4) MJ/ha, and even resulting in a net reduction of the fossil energy fraction, -1.9*10(4) MJ/ha compared to a situation without seaweed cultivation. All scenarios provide mitigation of marine eutrophication thanks to bioextraction of nitrogen and phosphorus during seaweed growth. The material consumption for seeded lines has 2-20 times higher impact on human toxicity (cancer) than the reduction achieved by energy and protein substitution. However, minor changes in cultivation design, i.e. use of stones instead of iron as ballast to weight the seeded lines, dramatically reduces human toxicity (cancer). Externalities from the use of digestate as fertilizer affect human toxicity (non-cancer) due to transfer of arsenic from aquatic environment to agricultural soil. However concentration of heavy metals in digestate does not exceed the limit established by Danish regulation. The assessment identifies seaweed productivity as the key parameter to further improve the performance of the production systems which are a promising service provider of environmental restoration and climate change mitigation. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Electricity security, generally referring to a system's capability to provide electricity to its users, is a multi-faceted problem attracting mounting attention from policy makers and scientists around the world. Electricity security encompasses largely different properties based upon the time/geographical scales of the factors affecting electricity delivery; it is challenged by threats surfacing in spheres far beyond the physical one; it involves a myriad of stakeholders spanning manifold disciplines and with considerably different expectations from the electricity commodity or services; it can be studied as a complicated techno-economic problem or as a complex socio-economic problem. All the above reasons, in a framework of changing European Union (EU) and global energy scenarios, render electricity security ever more challenging to assess and critical to safeguard. Against this background, this work presents recommendations to bring science and policy making closer towards evaluating and handling EU electricity security. More in detail, this is done by: Characterising electricity security via features at the cross-roads of policy and science. Reviewing the electricity security modelling and assessment approaches across sectors. Proposing elements for a novel electricity security decision-analytic framework for the EU. Contextualising the proposed framework in EU's Energy Union grid design initiatives.
Conversion of mechanical forces, vibrations and sound which have energy in the range of milli- to tens of watts (also referred to as "small kinetic energies" in this paper) into electricity has received global attention owing to the potential in powering electronic devices. However, most of the small kinetic energy generators can only generate electric power below 1 mu W/cm(3). As a result, an energy storage device is required to accumulate the energy generated until it reaches a sufficient level. Herein, we report the exceptionally-high acoustoelectric conversion ability of randomly-orientated electrospun poly(vinylidenefluoride-co-trifluoroethylene) nanofiber nonwoven webs. The optimized device under sound is able to generate peak voltage and current of 14.5 V and 28.5 mu A with a volume power density output of 306.5 mu W/cm(3) (5.9 mW/cm(3) based on nanofiber web thickness). Without accumulation in any energy storage unit, the electricity generated by the nanofiber device is sufficient to light up tens of commercial LEDs, run electrochemical reactions and protect metals from corrosion. Such a novel acoustoelectric generator may offer an effective solution to recycling noise pollution into usable electricity.
This study examines the energy use economic growth nexus by disaggregating energy use into two types of energy, renewable and non-renewable energy use. Our sample consists of eleven MENA Net Oil Importing Countries (NOICs) during the period 1980-2012. A multivariate panel framework was used to estimate the long run relationship and the panel Granger causality tests was employed to assess the causality direction among variables. The empirical results provide evidence for long-term equilibrium relationship between real Gross Domestic Product (GDP), renewable energy use, non-renewable energy use, real gross fixed capital formation and labor force. The results provide evidence also for positive and statistically significant elasticities. Moreover, the empirical findings from panel Error Correction Model confirm the existence of bidirectional causality between renewable energy use and economic growth, and between non-renewable energy use and economic growth, results that support the feedback hypothesis. Moreover, our empirical findings provide evidence for two way (bidirectional) causal association in both the short and long-run between renewable and non-renewable energy use which proves the substitutability and interdependence between these two types of energy sources. The policies implications of these results are also proposed and discussed.
Decentralized energy supply is a frequently discussed topic in German industry, caused by continuously rising energy prices. This study assesses configurations of hybrid renewable energy systems (HRES) with regard to their ability to decrease a company's energy supply costs. We apply mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) to optimize an electricity and heat supply system with the aim of minimizing annual costs and perform energy system optimizations for a sample of three case studies and 363 virtual companies. Our results show that systems consisting of grid supply, combined heat and power plants (CHP), heat storage facilities and, in some cases, photovoltaics can lower the sample companies' annual energy costs by an average of 8.3%, including annualized investments. For a time frame of 20 years, the average internal return rate of the HRES investments is 29.8%. This work expands the body of literature on HRES optimizations by shifting the research focus from household to industrial supply. Our model can support corporate investment decisions on decentralized supply facilities. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
We consider a linear-state dynamic game played over an event tree and determine analytically the price of anarchy (PoA), which is given by the ratio of player's outcome in the cooperative game to her outcome in the noncooperative game. Next, we illustrate our findings in the context of a pollution control problem. We conduct a sensitivity analysis to assess the impact on PoA, and its lower and upper bounds, of varying the different parameter values. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The purpose of this study was to determine the environmental impacts associated with a deep energy efficiency refurbishment using life cycle assessment. A prototypical refurbished model of an office building located in Auckland, New Zealand was used as a case study. The refurbishment included major changes to the building envelope with additional insulation, modified wall-window ratio, solar shading as well as technical replacement of the lighting and HVAC system. The study included identification of environmental hot spots of a deep energy refurbishment, and consideration of the effect of different electricity mixes in New Zealand on the total environmental impact of the refurbished building when compared to the un-refurbished existing building over different operation periods. An environmental payback period was calculated for each impact category. The results of this study indicate that deep energy refurbishment is associated with significant environmental impacts mainly due to the use of energy-intensive construction materials. However, the refurbishment yields net reductions in most impact categories if the building has a longer operational period. The environmental impacts of a building's operation are mainly associated New Zealand's electricity generated from coal. As future scenarios of New Zealand's electricity mix have a reduced share of electricity generated from coal, the environmental benefits of avoided electricity consumption are also reduced. The study concludes that measures to promote energy efficiency refurbishment in office buildings where a significant proportion of the operational energy is provided from renewable energy sources, should be carefully considered because they may not reduce overall environmental impacts. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper develops Bayesian inference of extreme value models with a flexible time-dependent latent structure. The generalized extreme value distribution is utilized to incorporate state variables that follow an autoregressive moving average (ARMA) process with Gumbel-distributed innovations. The time-dependent extreme value distribution is combined with heavy-tailed error terms. An efficient Markov chain Monte Carlo algorithm is proposed using a state-space representation with a finite mixture of normal distributions to approximate the Gumbel distribution. The methodology is illustrated by simulated data and two different sets of real data. Monthly minima of daily returns of stock price index, and monthly maxima of hourly electricity demand are fit to the proposed model and used for model comparison. Estimation results show the usefulness of the proposed model and methodology, and provide evidence that the latent autoregressive process and heavy-tailed errors play an important role to describe the monthly series of minimum stock returns and maximum electricity demand.
With the advancement in technologies, the power requirement around the globe is tremendously increasing, putting extra loads on grids. The existing grids cannot bear that load and also do not provide the interface with Distributed Renewable Energy Sources (DRES). Building new lines and substations alone do not serve the purpose of overcoming energy shortfall. Thus a major transformation in electricity infrastructure is need of the hour to meet the ever growing demands of electricity. Converting current power management system to a smart autonomic system is pertinent to achieve an increasing amount of renewable energy generation. This paper presents a comprehensive review of advances in control of smart grids. Various robust and adaptive strategies are spotlighted with a detailed description of control of overloads and power smart grids. Also, power generation, storage and management techniques and development of operational schedule of sources and loads are elaborated. Recently reported systems and Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) techniques in smart grid are highlighted. Renewable energy has potential to eliminate the current electricity crisis in Pakistan's energy sector. The solar, wind, hydro and biogas/biomass are the alternative energy resources found abundantly in the country, which have tremendous potential to offer environment-friendly energy solutions. This in-depth study reveals that a lot of opportunities and potential of smart grid technology exist in developing countries like Pakistan that need to be exploited so as to cope with energy crisis.
Herein a techno-economic assessment was performed on an energy-crop-based biogas plant coupled with a greenhouse for utilizing thermal energy produced by cogeneration. Seven energy crops were evaluated: triticale, maize, alfalfa, sunflower, clover, barley and wheat. According to the evaluation, triticale was the most competitive energy crop under selected climate conditions for northern Greece. Although maize displays higher biomass yield and biogas potential than the drought-resistant crop triticale, it has high irrigation demand that contributes significantly to total production costs. For a triticale-based biogas production to become economically feasible, agricultural arable area larger than 500 ha, or biogas plant size larger than 1000 kW(el), is required. However, with public funding, biogas production becomes feasible at smaller area (>250 ha) or biogas plant size (>500 kW(el)). The inclusion of a greenhouse into the design of the biogas plant contributes positively to the economic viability of the entire system. Under this scenario, greenhouse financial income accounts for about 17-18% of total income. Results of a sensitivity analysis suggest that the selection of an appropriate energy crop for biogas production should be based principally on both digestibility (specific methane yield) and biomass yield per hectare, these factors being more critical than biomass production costs.
The Italian white certificate scheme is the main national policy instrument to incentivise energy efficiency of the industrial sector, with savings from white certificates amounting to 2% of Italy's 2012 primary energy consumption. The mechanism sets binding energy-saving targets on electricity and gas distributors with at least 50,000 clients and includes a voluntary opt-in model for participation from other parties. This paper investigates and assesses the elements of the scheme that help overcome several barriers to deliver industrial energy efficiency. Results from a survey conducted among leading experts indicate that the Italian system provides a strong financial incentive to energy efficiency investments, covering a significant share of investment costs and thus reducing payback time. Moreover, the scheme fosters the development of energy service companies (ESCOs), which are key to developing, installing and arranging finance for projects on the ground. In conjunction with other policies, the mechanism also raises awareness of energy efficiency investment opportunities, thus helping overcome the market failure of insufficient information. Core challenges remain, including tackling regulatory uncertainty and improving access to finance.
The main focus of this paper is to select an economically suitable sustainable standalone power supply system for a remote off-grid town in Western Australia. Existing power systems of such remote towns in Australia have adverse environmental impacts and contribute to global warming due to the utilization of fossil fuels, especially diesel and gas. The possible electricity supply systems for such towns can vary from a diesel/gas generator towards a hybrid system composed of a generator, Wind turbine, photovoltaic system, and battery energy storage. In order to limit the cost of the system and to propose the most economically feasible solution, various combinations of supply systems are considered. These systems are analyzed in this paper by the help of HOMER software to determine the optimal architecture and the control strategy of the supply system. This study has used real demand data of the town, as well as the prices of different electrical components in the Australian market. The scenario which yields the minimum cost of energy is defined and suggested. Also, a decision-making based technique is proposed to help the local electricity utility in finding the suitable solution in the case of budget limits on the investment and annual operation and maintenance. Another aim of this analysis is to investigate and illustrate the impact of a small annual load growth on the size of the selected components for the selected power system, as well as the total net present cost and the cost of electricity. A sensitivity analysis is also performed to analyze the impact of uncertainties of some of the parameters in the outcome of the study to obtain the optimized cost of the selected system. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
We study supply function competition among conventional power generators with different levels of flexibility and the impact of intermittent renewable power generation on the competition. Inflexible generators commit production before uncertainties are realized, whereas flexible generators can adjust their production after uncertainties are realized. Both types of generators compete in an electricity market by submitting supply functions to a system operator, who solves a two-stage stochastic program to determine the production level for each generator and the corresponding market prices. We aim to gain an understanding of how conventional generators' (in) flexibility and renewable energy's intermittency affect the supply function competition and the market price. We find that the classic supply function equilibrium model overestimates the intensity of the market competition, and even more so when more intermittent generation is introduced into the system. The policy of economically curtailing intermittent generation intensifies the market competition, reduces price volatility, and improves the system's overall efficiency. Furthermore, these benefits of economic curtailment are most significant when the production-based subsidies for renewable energy are absent.
Flexibility requirements in prospective energy systems will increase to balance intermittent electricity generation from renewable energies. One option to tackle this problem is electricity storage. Its demand quantification often relies on optimization models for thermal and renewable dispatch and capacity expansion. Within these tools, power plant modeling is typically based on simplified linear programming merit order dispatch (LP) or mixed-integer unit-commitment with economic dispatch (MILP). While the latter is able to capture techno-economic characteristics to a large extent (e.g. ramping or start-up costs) and allows on/off decision of generator units, LP is a simplified method, but superior in computational effort. We present an assessment of how storage expansion is affected by the method of power plant modeling and apply a cost minimizing optimization model, comparing LP with MILP. Moreover, we evaluate the influence of wind and photovoltaic generation shares and vary the granularity of the power plant mix within MILP. The results show that LP underestimates storage demand, as it neglects technical restrictions which affect operating costs, leading to an unrealistically flexible thermal power plant dispatch. Contrarily, storage expansion is higher in MILP. The deviation between both approaches however becomes less pronounced if the share of renewable generation increases. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This article investigates the risk of cost overruns and underruns occurring in the construction of 51 onshore and offshore wind farms commissioned between 2000 and 2015 in 13 countries. In total, these projects required about $39 billion in investment and reached about 11 GW of installed capacity. We use this original dataset to test six hypotheses about construction cost overruns related to (i) technological learning, (ii) fiscal control, (iii) economies of scale, (iv) configuration, (v) regulation and markets and (vi) manufacturing experience. We find that across the entire dataset, the mean cost escalation per project is 6.5% or about $63 million per windfarm, although 20 projects within the sample (39%) did not exhibit cost overruns. The majority of onshore wind farms exhibit cost underruns while for offshore wind farms the results have a larger spread. Interestingly, no significant relationship exists between the size (in total MW or per individual turbine capacity) of a windfarm and the severity of a cost overrun. Nonetheless, there is an indication that the risk increases for larger wind farms at greater distances offshore using new types of turbines and foundations. Overall, the mean cost escalation for onshore projects is 1.7% and 9.6% for offshore projects, amounts much lower than those for other energy infrastructure. Copyright (c) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
