I really wanted to love this place. The menu looked great and the staff was very friendly. \n I ordered 2 entrees to go. Stuffed chicken and the tikka masala.  They asked me a few times if I wanted it spicy.  YES, please! (I know I am a blond white girl, but I like it HOT).  I sat and waited for about 15 minutes when the bartender apologize, I could not have the stuffed chicken because it was too \""dry\"".  He recommended the chicken Korma and promised I would like it.  Nope, hated it.  It tasted like dry chicken cooked in whole milk (NO FLAVOR) and super watery.  The tikka masala was so bland, add a little basil and you've got chicken tomato basil soup. Not even a little spice.  They could have hidden the blandness with some heat. Naan was delish.  Over priced for the meal-  $50.\nSorry Origin, but I make better Indian food in my own kitchen.
I'm so tired of walmart trying to be slick. We all know what takes place here. We enter for one item then we end up with a basket full of stuff then walmart shows their thanks to you by having only 3 cashiers available to get you out of the store. We have busy lives we trying to return to. What on earth are the owners thinking. I don't wish to spend 45 or 65 minutes with your cashier just in line looking stupid. The employees they work for you. I don't and I should not have to be forced to wait in line that long all because your to cheap & selfish to hire more workers. I have family & a life to return to. It sure would be nice if I could shop in peace then get out of the store in a timely but quick fashion. It's unacceptable that we must wait 60 to 65 minutes just to pay & leave!
I would love to give a sterling 5-star review for Carly's - I love the atmosphere, the dcor (hand-drawn cartoons on the tables were awesome), the artsy vibe and the location - but I just can't. \n\nThe first time I came, it was off an extended happy hour at the Roosevelt - which is conveniently within walking distance. A friend ordered the hummus and flatbread, which to my starved being were the most delicious I had ever tasted. I also drunkenly ordered an organic-vodka martini - the last thing I needed was a martini! - that tasted, as I recall, OK.\n\n it was after another happy hour visit to the Roosevelt that I returned to Carly's with visions of that luscious hummus and Plaid-like vibe dancing in my head, and making my mouth drool. Of a much more sober disposition, I actually studied the menu and was severely shocked. \n\nFirst, the prices. $7+ for a Stella? What the hell? And that dubious organic martini - it wasn't on the menu...did I imagine that? - Well, any martini was $10-12 ?! Is this Durant's? It definitely wasn't THAT good of a martini. \n\nI quickly found my hummus/pita app. and ordered a large portion, growing decidedly more disappointed/heartbroken with the entre options. Nothing, and I mean nothing, sounded even remotely appetizing. It was all very rich yet bland-sounding. Does that make sense? Like brie and turkey on Panini bread... Eh, ok. I was hoping it would be like Roosevelt, where you order the grilled cheese and tomato soup with reservation, and then are blown away. Sad to report - not so.\n\nHowever, I was a huge fan of the veggie chips that came with our hummus and flatbread (which, thank god, was as delicious as I kind-of-remembered). No problems with the service, but from the rest of the reviews, it sounds EXACTLY like Plaid, except downtown...and with a way less-tasty menu.\n\nSo, $50 later, we'd had a mediocre couple of entrees, an appetizer, no buzz and some leftovers that are still sitting in my fridge a week later. Do'h! \n\nthat really sucks, because I think they have the foundation for a restaurant I would adore and go out of my way to go to and want to support - extensive beer selection, great ambiance, perfect location, local ownership - Please Carly's, can I petition for some better quality/more adventurous food options? I'll even then pay for the overpriced beer without complaint.\n\n*Editor's Note : Seriously, does anyone else think the beer purchased at Tops is always about 7 degrees too warm? It's cool enough to drink, but warm enough to not be refreshing, and it drives me crazy. \n\nAnd, hang on, I'm not done: What the hell makes a martini organic anyway? Non-pesticide-infused, no-hormones-added-potatoes for the vodka?   ...Highly dubious, indeed.
Kazansky's is now closed.
Overpriced faux-Chinese slop for white people.  It's a chain and has the word \""bistro\"" in the name.  Do the math.\n\nIf you like overly sweet, gloopy, cornstarch-thickened sauces, this place is for you.  The ingredients themselves are high quality, but the portions are small and prices are really high, all things considered.  \n\nAny strip mall Chinese slophouse can do about the same or better.  If you're still on the search for really good Chinese in Charlotte, look elsewhere.  Consider yourself warned.
I was hoping to have a knock-your-socks-off experience here.  I did not. \n\nI love downtown Vegas, and I am a fan of any business that is going to help the area grow.  So kudos for that. \n\nHowever, when you have alcapurrias, bacalaitos, mofongo, and paella on the menu, I'm going to judge you harshly if you can't deliver.  \n\nLet me preface by saying that I knew going into this place that everything on the menu was going to be the 'fancy-pants' version of traditional Spanish and Caribbean foods, so there's some leeway for artistic interpretation.  I said leeway, not 'screw tradition, I do what I want'.  \n\nI've had alcapurrias, bacalaitos, and mofongo on the beaches of Puerto Rico, so ordering this was a way to have a culinary nostalgia trip for me.  Nope, no such luck.  The alcapurrias were bland, the bacalaitos were soggy, and the mofongo was oily.  For those of you not familiar with these foods, they are *not* supposed to be that way.  \n\nNow, the paella, I'm thinking will redeem the menu.  It's a seafood paella, with mussels, shrimp, clams, bits of whitefish (I believe cod but don't quote me), and veggies and rice.  Traditional paella takes at least a good half hour to bake, and it should only be made when it's ordered.  Otherwise, if it sits too long it can get gummy and chewy.  So I'm thinking ok, let the tapas settle and have some chit-chat with my friend while the paella is ready.  \n\nSidebar:  The chef was out in the dining room nearly the entire time I was there and he was having a loud conversation with a patron about sources, marketing, mixology, and all sorts of other stuff which I'm sure would be interesting if you were part of the conversation, but honestly, I don't want to listen to all that while I'm trying to have a pleasant dinner with a friend.  Get back into your kitchen and make sure your chefs are on point with their food and your servers are on point with their service.\n\nSurprisingly, the paella comes out in about ten minutes from the time of ordering.  Uhm, what, ok.  So it looks to have a fair amount of seafood in the rice and veggies and I'm thinking it looks promising.  I taste it.  It's salty.  And not just salty because it's seafood and there's salt in seafood anyway.  No, I mean, salty to the point that I'm drinking water to wash out the salt.  The actual consistency of the paella was ok (no mushiness so good job there) but I couldn't get past the salt to appreciate the seasoning.  \n\nI want to be a fan.  I really do.  But I'm not.
my bar for hotels is not set all that high. if there's a pool and jacuzzi for the kids, if the room's fairly large and reasonably tidy with clean towels and fresh sheets, if the roof doesn't leak and most of the light bulbs light, if there's plenty of hot water and decent pressure in the shower and the TV gets ESPN -- i'm good to stay. \n\ncomfortable pillows (if we're driving we usually remember to bring our own) and WI-FI are always nice pluses. this place pretty much had all that covered but here's the rub ... \n\ni'm gonna break cherry here -- in one-hundred and nine YELP reviews, i don't think i've said one bad thing about a wait staff. i worked long enough in restaurants (and have read enough reviews) to believe that harsh words about servers almost always say less about the subject than the writer. however, my experience at the COMFORT INN was so extreme it's worth mentioning. \n\nthe hostess at continental breakfast (which was pretty plush -- hard boiled eggs, a toaster with english muffins and bread, a waffle iron, apples and oranges, cereal, juice, milk and coffee) was nasty on a scale i have never experienced in my life. she had an eastern european accent (RUSSIAN, i would guess) and an awful attitude. she got in three separate screaming matches with guests while we were eating. \n\nlater, in the pool i overheard other guests in equal amounts of hurt, anger and bewilderment (and a bit of wry amusement) talking about her. the next morning (we stayed two nights) i overheard two other groups of guests (our angry hostess was only there on sunday) reliving their unhappy experiences with her. \n\nwhen management reviewed her resume and saw she'd been the social director at some notoriously harsh GULAG, they probably should have realized she might not be a great fit in the hospitality industry. \n\ni know ARIZONA's supposed to have a tough immigration policy. well, i'm here to tell you they let one really hateful BITCH slipped through ...
I felt bad for our waitress who clearly had a 10+ table section and poor support staff. We ordered breakfast, didn't get our drinks forever (bartender was \""MIA\"" in her own words) and then the food runner forgot the side dish. \n\nMediocre priced foods at best and understaffed.
Not the best buffet. I should of went to the Paris Buffet for dinner.
A 3 at best. Mediocre Pad Thai, and the rest of the fare was pretty similar. Came because of the good rating but, alas, the rating was wrong.
I think that I didn't have the experience I should have had - if I were in NYC. I've never been to S3 in NYC but I imagine that its less Disneyland-ish with long lines and expensive drinks that taste bad. \n\nNext time I'm in NYC I'll try the real deal.
I came here the night of the bridge party when the Rubber Duck was in town.  Given the mass of humanity in the vicinity, my dining partner and I were looking for somewhere--anywhere--to grab a bite, so we weren't being picky.  Like most other places on Federal St., this place was jam packed, but we were lucky enough to come in just when a table was opening up, so down we sat.  We both ordered the chicken wrap, which, according to the menu, is their most popular item in Chicago.  I remember being quite disappointed with it, since it was the most flavorless wrap I'd had in awhile, and it was soggy from the vegetables.  I don't think I was able to finish it, and unless something is awful, I usually either finish it or take the remainder home.   I believe the wrap came with fries, but I remember nothing about them, so they must have been nondescript.  Aside from the food, what really annoyed me about this place was the volume.  They had TVs around with a Pirates game on, and between people who came to watch the game and bridge party goers, the place was so loud it was difficult to hear my dining partner across the table.  Overall, a disappointing experience.  Although none of the bars in this area are standouts, you can do better than this.
This venue has never been a cool venue.  It's a really awkward venue.  There is ONE door way leading in/out of hte main music hall so between bands if you have to really take a leak, you better be good at holding it because it'll take damn near 10 minutes just to get out of the main room and then another 10 minutes in line at the men's room.  The sound in the room is actually not that bad but the layout is really shitty.  if this is the ONLY place your fave band is playing, by all means go but I would never go to this venue randomly to see a show.
CLOSED, but I posted a pic of a funny sign posted on their door.
Average unauthentic Mexican.  Went for lunch from convention and was ok.  Would be a rip off for a real meal.  No way for dinner.  There is not much nearby from the convention center and the service stinks.  Too many tables that they are really slow in taking your order or bringing food.
It's burgers in plastic baskets. Enough said. If you ever take your girlfriend here dont ever expect to get married. Ever. It's a kids place. Expect to hear bitchy little kids all night.
Paid $7 for a two second pour on a well gin and tonic, bar tender was nice but main focus was his cell phone. I don't eat dairy so my only sauce option was BBQ for pickle chips. No marinara or honey mustard or anything..
Got a deal through Jetsetter so it was $75 total including resort fee (the \""we can charge this fee because we can and everyone else does it\"" fee) and taxes. Wifi is included. Very nice place overall, and pleasantly one block off-strip. Nice jacuzzi tub and the whole room is well-equipped for a long stay, furnished with all suite accouterments (blender, toaster, microwave, stove, cookware, etc). \n\nOnly real complaint may seem petty but it was enough to put me off: I am 99% certain something (of $1 value) was taken from the car while in valet (it is valet only). I had just come from a wild night of bingo and I left two dobbers (bingo instruments) prominently in the cup holder. When I dropped the car off, the valet guy looked at me funny because I didn't tip him (I assumed it was alright to tip only when picking up the car, not both when picking up and dropping off...and I'm just a student). I didn't think anything of it, and the next morning one of two dobbers was missing. The other was just where we left it. We checked everywhere. Everywhere. The GPS, in the glove box, was untouched, but I'm almost certain he took his tip in the form of a $1 dobber. Not something to call the police over (or even the management), but I'm almost certain of what happened, and it's pretty uncool if true. \n\nOne other annoyance: the property is actually a residential hotel, some units of which are leased by their owners and managed by Jet Luxury (see http://www.yelp.com/biz/jet-luxury-at-the-signature-mgm-las-vegas). So odds are good if you rent a room, you're actually renting from them. This means that when you need stuff (e.g. toiletries) you need to go through them (they give you a thorough explanation at check-in). Tissue and toilet paper was low quality considering the vintage of hotel. Bed and shower were great. TV had HD cable which was nice. Hotel charges for printing.
It was a pretty good trip to me because there is a lot of free time and i think it was pretty good. One thing was really horrible! It was like 40 degree outside because i was going to the one day grand canyon trip but the air conditioner of the bus was like crazy!!!! It was freezing in the bus and the driver told me he can't low down the AC!? I rmb his name is James! Come on James! It was 40 degree outside and inside of the bus is like 10 degree! I got sick after this trip! Wont repeat thank u!
Not worth the money.  I was a member for a few years. nothing special.  Lots of attitude and douches.  Better spend my money somewhere else. I had been a member since 07, due to pregnancy complications I cancelled it for a while and restarted after the twins were born.  Around April 09, I spoke with Andy, one of the Managers about my membership.  He also told me about the daycare.  I had a nanny at home so I didn't need to use their daycare.  He said he would just put the names of the babies in the computer just in case one day I would decide to use it, so it won't take time.  He told me I wouldn't be charge for it.  I said fine.  I didn't notice until a year and a half later that  they had been charging me for this all along.  I call Andy to let him know about it.  He used to be very receptive and always answer to my messages.  Unfortunately, he had been promoted to Regional Manager or something, so he is always traveling.  He didn't call back, so after a week I talk to another guy, I think his name was Derek.  I explained the situation and he said he would take care of it.  I thought it was corrected.  Well to my surprise I was charged the following month again.  I talked to Derek and he informed me that there is a 30 day notice for cancellations and that I could use the daycare until the end of that month.  I was outraged, he didn't listen.  I told him, I was not supposed to be charged on the first place and that I have never and will never use the daycare.  I had a full time nanny for my twins, so I didn't need that service.  Again, he left me a voice mail saying I could use the daycare until the end of the month.  Well, I don't need to go to that gym.  I cancelled my membership the following month.
Pros: Broad menu selection. Cons: Unrealistic beer prices... at least, for Guinness. At $6.50 per (imperial) pint, it's the most expensive Guinness in Charlotte.
I only had the waffles and egg combo and it wasn't anything special. It was on par with a Dennys or an I-Hop. The ambiance of the place is real nice and the servers are friendly. \n\nMaybe if I tried something else I'll be blown away, but for now, it's two stars (\""I've experienced better\"") for me.
The food is actually ok. Margarita LITERALLY made me puke, had to order a beer instead. Service is AWFUL. Lol but for real. Had to ask a busboy for a water, he was nice about it and seemed semi annoyed. But then bartender seemed REALLY annoyed. Sorry bro. Tried getting a water for like ten minutes. Other than this place, vegas is awesome. \n\nOh and there's like five people at the bar and haven't been asked once If we're ok
i don't know if my standards have gotten higher, or this place has failed to uphold theirs, but this place isn't good anymore. \n\nthe wynn, bellagio, and mandalay bay all have much superior buffets. if you don't want to spend the $$$ at the above, paris and harrah's buffets are better, in my opinion.
Food average at best,but salad bar was good.Breading on broasted chicken way \""too heavy\""..Service OK.No happy hour in bar.On \""plus side\"" I felt like the youngest person there.
Not what i expect from New York unless you count the attitudes... Pizzas arent bad but not great either. Sauce tastes like its right out of the can and the pizza i last got seemed a bit old.  Dough tasted a bit like cardboard and looked like it was either left in the box way to long or was reheated. Not the first time i have gotten a pizza from here and was hoping for a better second and third attempt but it never happened. I will be looking else where unless they decide to change a few things.
Meh. \n\nCame here 3 years ago and recently visited again. About $40 for brunch and an additional $10 for mimosas/bloody marys. Wait time prior to getting seated was about an hour. There's 1 line to pay and 1 line to get seated.\n\nFood was alright. Didn't have a particular favorite and wasn't wow-ed by anything. There is pork belly, kalbi ribs, prime rib, bone marrow, and the crabs rolled in at around 3p. I liked the kale salad and farro salad but I was here to get fat. Dessert, although presentation wise looked appealing, were not that great. I'd stick with the gelatos and chocolate covered strawberries. \n\nOur server was attentive but chefs didn't seem happy to be there.\n\nHonestly, it'll probably be another 3 years for me to visit again. Over-priced for what they have to offer. I'd wait longer and pay more for Bacchanal.
Found a pair of jeans in the sale rack marked $3. I go to purchase and am told that they made a mistake, \""oh this is a return from another store. We can't sell them at that price. The sale price is only at that store. If you would like to purchase them it will be $59\"" So I ask, \""Is this a mistake by your employee?\"" \n\""Yes. The sale is at the other store.\""\n\""Well what can you do for me since this is your mistake?\""\n\""I can sell it to you for the regular price.\""\n\nNeedless to say, I didn't buy the jeans. The funny thing is that they are currently running a $20 off all jeans sale, but the signs must have been for another store!
Great food! The only problem is bad service here. First, keep asking the waitress for more tea but she keeps forgetting. Second, the same waitress keeps giving us bad additude. Third, they gave us slow service. Fourth, group of 9 people, but only give us a small dish of peanut even I come here last time of 4 people with small portion as well. Asked the waitress if we can have more peanut, would charge us $1 more... NO THANK YOU! Wished I could recommend this place but wouldn't, very disappointed.
Poor customer service - I was at the register to pay & the guy is standing there having a conversation with someone about moving - completely ignored me so I left. Not sure I'll be returning even tho they did have a nice selection of costumes.
You must come on time... this is the warning we get when we rsvp.\n\nAt first I thought, the gull this one has to dictate rules and such for a small resto.\nThen I thought, well this one has to be so good he can permit himself to be capricious, you know, what with prep time for good cuisine and stuff.\n\nTurns out, it's all crap. All this posturing about a japanese chef, hell bent on quality control and making good food, is just fantasy. \n\nThings tend to be too salty, too sweet and tangy or all three at the same time. I'm confused as to what happened in the kitchen when we went because it is not at all what others said about this place.\n\nThe only thing good was the plating, everything looked so pretty, but the food is just lacking...too much soy sauce.\n\nDisapointing.
We stopped by here while checking out the hotel and casino during our Vegas trip. Decor was awesome and we chose to sit on the patio which was overlooking an awesome pool. Our waitress came by and was different, not sure what was her deal but she couldn't hear anything we said. We ordered a margarita and a mojito. Margarita came and no mojito. Five minutes later she came by and I asked about the mojito. Apparently, she didn't hear my order and didn't apologize just walked away. The wait for the mojito was not worth it, it had Malibu rum in it and tasted like sun tan lotion. My mistake for not reading the ingredients. I ordered ahi tuna tacos, they were great minus the sweet fruit salsa on top. My bf ordered shrimp enchiladas and was brought shrimp tacos, oh well he ate them anyway and they were good. We didn't complain just wanted our check and to go somewhere else without our awkward waitress. If she would of asked if we wanted more to drink, we probably would have but she was too busy getting others orders wrong probably. Food was ok, service not so much.
Perhaps my expectations for the newest, largest Forever 21 were too high? It's not like I am a regular shopper of Forever 21. While they are cheap, the clothing isn't really my style and the quality is lacking. I prefer clothing that does not fall apart after a couple washes!\n\nI recently went shopping at Fashion Show Mall with a friend. We were both in need of an outfit to wear for a special event we were going to be attending. I had found my dress at another store, but was still in need of shoes and accessories. I really wanted to find inexpensive things because the chance that I would be wearing them again was rather slim. My shopping partner also need specific things.. like a fairly inexpensive white dress worthy of wearing to a club. \n\nWe enter the new Forever 21, which is 2 story and department store size. A friendly employee greeted us immediately and offered us a bag. We declined and asked where we could find white dresses. The employee waved her hand toward the back of the store and said we would find the club wear in the very back. Sadly we were unable to find any suitable dresses in white. Strike #1.\n\nOn to the next item on our shopping list - Gold shoes. The shoe department is where I started to get discouraged. For a two story, 120,000+ square foot store, the shoe selection was woefully small. Strike #2.\n\nIt was take to take a peek at the accessories and see if there was anything we could possibly use for our outfits. I was looking for a specific style of headband, as well as a gold belt. Again, no luck at all. Strike #3. We're out.
We were excited to Casablanca for date night, as we loved it when it was the Estate House. We arrived a bit early for our 7:30pm reservations and were led outside, past all of the cozy seats inside. I thought it odd we weren't asked for a preference. \n\nBut wait--it got worse. We were also taken past all of the cozy couches outside facing the movie playing and seated at this strange area way in the back. Between our two chairs, which overlooked the street, we had a giant heater and small table (in May). So much for date night. (The light-up menus are totally cool, though the selection is small.)\n\nBut wait--it still gets worse. Apparently our corner was the smoking area (!?), so they actually seated me, a severe asthmatic, in the middle of it. Thanks.\n\nWe ordered a crab dip, the sliders and the tacos. While waiting, we did get our well-mixed drinks. But then our waiter totally disappeared. After 35 minutes a water guy apologized for our slow food service. After 45 minutes it finally appeared. The two pork dishes were ok--but served totally lukewarm. The tacos were beautifully plated; the limes even had perfect grill marks on them. But couldn't they put that much care into getting me my damn food in a timely manner? While it's still hot? We didn't care for the crab dip, but that could be a personal thing. The plantain chips were yummy.\n\nThe final rub came with the service. Our waiter literally never came back after taking our order. When we decided we had enough, we actually went inside and stood at the empty bar and asked for our tab. Interestingly, no one thought that was odd.\n\nSo there we go. Bad service, mediocre food. We won't be back.
Like I have said before, one should try something at least 3 times before x'ing it, and I sure did for this restaurant.\n\nMy friend and I have ordered different stuff to try and find something that I would like...I have gift certificates.  These are the items I have tried:\n-Grilled Pork Rolls (had better at Bosa Restaurant)\n-House Special Sandwich (Mayo??? WTH?  Can't they just whip up some egg whites and oil?)\n-Beef Stew w/French Roll (very bland)\n-Curry Goat w/French Roll (Goat was like rubber, very chewy)\n-Combination Flower Roll (this is usually my favorite, but not here)\n-Combo Pork and Egg Rice Plate (wasn't good, but maybe it's because they lost the ticket and didn't get this dish out until 45 mins later)\n\nMaybe it's because of such an extensive menu, so attention isn't being put into any individual item, but that's not an excuse it is?  I've been watching alot of Kitchen Nightmares, and if they cut down their menu, the food maybe better.\n\nHowever, I won't be returning to this restaurant, probably ever again. :(
I was so amped to try this place out, but my experience was disappointing. My friend and I ordered delivery. They advised it would be an hour, but I believe we got it in 45 minutes. The crab angels (rangoons) and potstickers were so delicious! The crab angels were creamy and full of flavor. They were, by far, the best I've ever tasted. The potstickers also had lots of flavor packed into each bite. If the meal ended there, I would be giving this place 5 stars. Then came the kung pao. Hmmm...isn't Kung Pao supposed to be spicy? It was breaded...which I've never experienced eating it that way before and it was sweet.  If it wasn't for the few peanuts thrown in there, I would say I got the wrong meal.  After three bites, I couldn't eat a sweet kung pao anymore. I decided to try out my friends orange peel chicken, but as he was looking through my cupboards for spices, I wasn't hopeful. After taking a bite, I agreed it was bland. Needless to say we didn't finish our plates. I guess next time I'll just stick to the appetizers...
Although the care was good, we've had a huge problem with an incompetent billing department that has overshadowed our otherwise good experience. Our billing was processed to our insurance incorrectly, leading us to paying the bill directly to the hospital. That was in June of 2013. We've been the go between the hospital and the insurance. We got the two parties on the phone, the insurance talked the billing department through the correct procedures. Our insurance sent the hospital a check, which they cashed. Now, when we call to get our refund (because the hospital has cashed the insurance companies check, and therefore should be able to pass us our check), they say it will be 90 days. Silly that my wife and I had to spend 10-15 hours on the phone with them resolving this issue over the last 6 months, and we still have 3 more to go. We anticipate many more hours on the phone, but no more involvement with Sunrise on a medical basis.
Je cherchais  un restaurant a sainte Anne de Bellevue. A quelques reprises j'ai essay\u00e9 les diff\u00e9rentes terrasses sans trouv\u00e9 un restaurant qui voulait que j'y retourne. Ce n'est malheureusement pas diff\u00e9rent ici. En ce beau lundi apr\u00e8s-midi nous sommes accueillis gentiment a la porte et nous pouvions choisir une table sur le bord du bordwalk. La serveuse Rachel est venu rapidement nous saluer, nous expliquer le menu et nous offrir un ap\u00e9ro. Je voulais commander 2 verres de vins mais elle s'est empress\u00e9 de nous d\u00e9courager de prendre un verre seulement puisqu'il est a 9$ chacun et qu'une bouteille est 'seulement' 25$. Le genre de 'gammick' pour vendre des bouteilles seulement.  Un menu lunch a 12$ avec un bar a salade inclus semble int\u00e9ressant et c'est pour cette raison que j'ai choisi le resto. Je choisi donc le sous marin au steak Philly et ma copine celui au poulet.  Les deux servis avec frites. Rien a redire sur les deux sandwichs. Pain et ingr\u00e9dients frais. Mais pour les frites c'est manqu\u00e9. Des frites congel\u00e9es sans go\u00fbts. Pour ce qui est du bar a salade, rien d'impressionnant. Salade verte, de l\u00e9gumineuses et de p\u00e2tes. Malheureusement , un autre restaurant qui je vais ajouter sur la trait\u00e9 liste de restaurants pour touriste.
Ok look if you have money, these people are practically eating from your hands. Most business are this way. However, I must be fair in what I say, They do have great live music entertainment in the summer time from Thursdays to Sundays 7pm to 11pm. It is free. However when my family and I came to enjoy some good music, we had sat at one of there outside tables to enjoy. We figured we would buy something so they would not complain about us just sitting there. Since I do not like to drink in front of my daughter, I bought some crackers and cheese from inside. After about 30 minutes they asked us to leave the tables and sit elsewhere because ALL of their tables were reserved for people drinking. They were very rude about it. This will not drive me away from coming here, just from giving them anymore of my money!
Im rating this on a vegetarian stand point so for you meat eaters the experience will probably be different. That being said, i also thought that the overall quality of the food is not so great. For vegetarians there is only one filling option, sauteed spinach and mushroom and it is kind of like baby food in texture. The red sauce has chicken broth init. I got 2 corn enchiladas. The enchiladas themselves were bland. Ifi hadnt added extra quacomole, coleslaw, cheese, crema, and salsa to it, it would have been very boring. Pretty much youre paying for the toppings. If youre vegan you are even more limited. You could only have salsa and guacomole and onions. The chips and salsa though were really good. I could have made a whole meal out of the chips. The service was great. The person serving me was very kind about taking me through it step by step and making sure i got vegetarian items. So i wont be going back. No point in paying for guacomole and salsa and cheese and chips and stuf when I could make that all myself or get it all from safeway or something in bulk for the same price.
Disappointing.  We decided to drive across town and try it based on the Yelp reviews and it was definitely a letdown.  Not horrible but not particularly good either.\n\nOn a Friday night at 7:30, it was less than half full. The people at the door were not particularly friendly but little did we know that it would go downhill from there.  Our waitress was one of the most surly servers I've ever had anywhere.  No greeting, no smile, no eye contact.  Just a look of pained exasperation.  We asked her a few questions and she simply ignored them.  It was not busy.  Seriously, the unfriendliness of the staff here is hard to overstate.  They just don't give a damn.\n\nThe food was all over the place.\n\nSalsas - excellent, both red and green. Nice and spicy just like we like it.\n\nChips - fresh, but greasy.\n\nChicken enchiladas in mole sauce - quite good. Humongous portion.\n\nSteak Tampiquena  - just ok.  Not really a traditional Tampiquena.   About four ounces (or less) of pounded round steak with no topping of any kind.  Not bad but a bit pricey for the eleven bucks or so they are asking and not up to the standard that you get at most Mexican joints around town.\n\nBeans - Awesome, as many reviewers point out.  Some of the best refried beans I've ever had. By far the highlight of the meal.\n\nGuacamole -  Overwhelmed by the flavor of what I can only guess to be powdered citric acid instead of fresh lime juice.  Very odd and not really nice at all.  What kind of Mexican restaurant doesn't use fresh limes?  \n\nMariachis - insistent and annoying.  And a bit much for a place like this really.\n\n$35 with two cheap drinks and a totally unwarranted tip.
Bad cheessteak. Dry bread. The meat looked funny and dry too. Tasted below average. Won't be rushing back anytime soon.
Best beer selection in Arizona but the good features end there.  It's the only reason I return and put up with the following.  Service is often horrible, even during the day when there are few patrons.  Often you have to go up to the bar to order even when there is a server in your section.  It makes no sense that a mug of beer should be empty for more than 10 minutes before it is noticed.\n\nFood is subpar and wouldn't get such a pass from most people if this place didn't have the beer.  Prices are reasonable.  Website is often inaccurate re: what is actually on tap.
Food is OK for fast food. But they keep messing up orders. The biggest thing that bugs me is they never heat up the tortillas enough, always to soft and still almost raw. They ask if you want salsa, then don't give it.
Thought I would have got more food for my money...and it's cold! A 10minute drive home and my food is cold? And it's also under cooked I've never been here and so far I'm not satisfied....
I've been to Wet Republic, Encore Beach Club, Moorea Beach Club, and TAO beach.  TAO beach can't compare to any of those.  The people aren't as hot and the people are SLOPPY.  It's a hot mess.\n\nWe waited at the bar for what seemed to be over 15 minutes trying to get a drink.  I guess this is better than the 45 minutes it takes at night when it's a club.  \n\nThe pool is so tiny.  I think it might be the size of the large spa in my apartment complex.  Yes, seriously.  Imagine about 75 people crammed into a pool that could barely accomodate 40.  There was almost an inch of water surrounding the pool area because 3/4 of the idiots in the pool were throwing the water in the air for 30 minutes straight.\n\nIf you want to go to the ultimate pool party in Vegas...definitely skip TAO beach.
I have to say I don't see what you other Yelpers are so happy about.  I have went there twice in the last 30 days and am very disappointed.  The first time I had the wings and they were nothing special. The buffalo sauce is just Franks Red Hot.  Today I ordered a burger and an Ice tea.  The burger was so so. Obviously a frozen package beef pattie, definitely not fresh, and the side of ranch for my fries was not homemade either. The thing that really blows me away is the prices!  About $14 for a burger, fries and an ice tea, are you f*n kidding me?  Service is just so so, and food is very generic, unthaw and serve.  So don't waste your money, go somewhere that understands the value of FRESH, NONFROZEN products, and doesn't overcharge you for freezerburn!
I used to frequent this Chipotle--my one and only fast food indulgence--until I found out that most of their ingredients either are or contain GMOs. I'm sorry to say that they lost my business.
I was very disappointed in this one.
Nice staff, nice d\u00e9cor.  \n\nBuck stops there.  Seating is minimal though available but I can live with that.  However, the quality of the yogurt was sub-par.  My understanding of froyo is there are different grades.  The good places have the good quality yogurt.  This was not good quality yogurt and I've had my share of froyo.  The price reflected all the more expensive places we've been to so I can't even justify that \""it's at least cheaper to come here.\""  In fact, I think it's even more expensive.  We spent close to $5 and for that price, at other locations with better yorgurt, I've gotten a lot more bang for my buck.\n\nThis is a huge disappointment for us.  We love froyo.  We know froyo.  We were hardly impressed.  I wish I could support this local establishment but I don't think we'll be coming here very often.\n\nPlus, I overheard the cashier (owner?) talk to the next customer in line about some sort of rewards program, which was never offered to me.  I must have been a terrible customer or something.
not bad... but because i couldnt eat meat i just try frise and sushi no... no. i ate befor better sushi in other bars...
Order accuracy!!! Hot fudge Sundaes are not made with mint chocolate chip ice cream, idiots. Third time that the drive through window has completely screwed up our order. Never again
We noticed that this place opened up replacing Cora so we deceived to try to see if this can be our regular brunch spot. \nHowever, it was disappointing... we got there around 11am, there were only a couple tables. They served cold coffee to us. After complaining, they got us hot coffee. We ordered waffle and by boyfriend ordered eggs with French toast and 3meat. After 20 minutes, the waitress came and told me the waffle machine was broken and offered the crepe, I said fine. \nAfter another 20 minutes, the order finally came, my crepe was ok. \nBut they didn't bring my boyfriend's French toast!! He asked them why, they said the French menu and the English menu is different ?! What?!\nAnyways, their service was good, so two stars.
Tried it once w/ the kids, won't be back.\nNot bad, but for their high prices and the quality, there are better choices in LV.\n\nNoise level is high.
Overrated!  Sandwiches are small; bread tastes mass produced without flavor, and the texture is too airy.  Salads are small too.  Atmosphere is that of a frozen yogurt place (bubbly and plasticy) with food aspirations of Panera.
I miss donuts so much and must say this place was so disappointing.  I don't want to have political chat when trying to get my donut grub on and don't want to hear crap about how corporate america is taking over and the new giant eagle in robinson has copied....blah blah bla blah bl blah!  Shut up man!  Oh and they are overpriced.  The thing is they are good but can we get a nice donut shop in the strip where we don't have to hear about this stuff on a nice sunny morning.  Come on now.....WTF!?  Please lower the cost and shut the hell up!
Mediocre food. \nGood foods prices.\nTolerable drinks.\nOkay drink prices. \nHorrible service.\nGood pies.\nMore horrible service.\n\nIf it is on the way, then sure, stop by. But never go out of your way to go here.
Eh, it's like a glorified Bourbon St. in New Orleans. Didn't care for that, didn't really care for this.
To be honest, I don't know exactly what to think about this place.  Our old instructor Mr Brian was awesome.  Then he left Saturday's (the only day we could go) and he was replaced by someone who didn't really know how to teach or talk to children for that matter.  They also made my sons class the \""misc\"" class.  What was a class full of kids who were in the same level as him turned into a class mainly of kids who were afraid of water.  So my son got no attention or guidance of things he used to be working on.  He was back to learning how to blow \""bubbles\""  He eventually just stopped caring and really stopped paying attention.  The new teacher had no idea how to control him and just ignored him.  \n\nWe went here for 1 1/2 years and I just feel like management doesn't care about the paying customer.  I had legitimate complaints and no one seemed to care.  No one called and asked if we wanted a new class.  Not to mention, I was only told that all classes in his level were full on Saturday's but I could call daily and see if that changed.   If these courses cost a couple bucks a class, I wouldn't care either but I was paying about $20 for a 30 minute class.  Towards the end when Mr. Brian was transitioning his replacement to take over, my son was not taught anything.  I really felt like I was throwing away money and no one bothered to have an answer.  Mr. Brian was really the only person who cared but just told me his hands were tied and there was nothing he could do except enroll my son in one of his classes during the week.\n\nThe reason why this place get's two stars is Mr. Brian.  He really is amazing with kids.  If you do decide to go here, only go to Mr. Brian.  He's wonderful at getting kids to listen and explaining what he's doing with the kids.\n\nI now take my son to Chandler Public Swim classes and he loves it.  They are actually teaching him to swim and the cost for classes is 2/3 the price.   For the last 1 1/2 years, my son has learned what to do if he falls into a pool.  While I think it's a incredibly important lesson for a kid to learn, Swimkids focuses on it waaaaaay too long.  If my son still went to swimkids, it would be another year before they actually taught him how to swim.  \n\nBottom line, if you have a two year old and you don't want him to be afraid of water, call and see if Mr Brian has availability.  If not hang up and try later.  Take classes until your kids is comfortable with water and can float on his back for 10 seconds.  After that, quit.  Trust me, that's all they're going to teach your kid until he's 5.
Food is average. The Nile and Middle Eastern Cafe are much better.
I've been here 3 times on the company tab because it's a fun atmosphere for out-of-town guests. The drinks are good, but the food is meh. Out of the 3 visits, the only thing I remember liking is the soup. Oh, and the flour chips are unique and pretty good. I guess I'll go back for a free meal, but wouldn't consider seeking it out on my own.
Attended Hospitality Design show here last week, and was underwhelmed by yet another disappointing convention center in Vegas.\n\nThe only benefit to Sands is being adjoined to the Venetian. Sands as a convention center offers zero amenities, surprising that the convention center operators have done such a poor job of bidding out contracts to suitable food/bev vendors.\n\nConvention center itself appears in need of renovation.
This place is what it is.  Cheap.  Decent equipment and it's all new.  Treadmills and bikes are nice with individual TVs on each.  However, there are not too many free weight options.  Seems geared towards the older, out of shape crowd... not that there's anything wrong with that, I'm just a little more motivated by fit people working their asses off.  I like decent work out music with a beat, not Barry Manilow and Sarah McLachlan playing over the gym speakers.  (Which by the way I complained about and was told that they had to accommodate everyone's tastes.  Middle of the road kinda deal.)\n\nThe main thing that bugs me though is that in spite of the low monthly costs, I feel like I'm getting nickel & dime'd.  Sure it's $10 a month.  But there is a $50 sign up fee, the monthly rate automatically goes up $5 a month after a year, there is an annual $40 surcharge and if you want to quit there is a $25 fee for that.  Oh and if you do decide to quit, make damn sure you do it 10 BUSINESS days before the next billing cycle or you're in for another month.  There is just absolutely nothing anyone can do about it.  Yeah I know it's all in the contract, but it still chaps my hide.\n\nOh and what's up with the colors?  I mean if you dig purple and green that's fine, but make some purple and green accents.  You don't have to paint every damn thing in the place the most obnoxious, in-your-face shade of purple and green.  \n\nI guess that's what you get for the low rates.  Kinda like the airline industry. Cheap mediocrity with colors that make you want to vomit.
The only thing really worthwhile is the Sushi Bar.   And considering you can eat all you want for $14.95, it isn't a bad deal if you like Sushi.\n\nAs for the rest of the food?   Let's just say it is very, very average, and not very fresh.   The place is also starting to look tired and worn.   \n\nHowever, if you rate your restaurants based on the amount of food they serve - and God knows, many people do - you will find Nirvana.
So I did it. I stayed at the Plaza for a little staycation for 3 nights for my birthday. Despite all the negative reviews they were having a promotion buy 2 nights get 1 night (wednesday only) free so I said what the heck ill stay there. We paid $90 bux TOTAL for 3 nights..tues wed and thurs. That also included the $10/night \""resort fee\"" which is bs. So the fee includes 2 bottles of water in your room for every night u stay, wi-fi and access to the pool and gym.  The pool was fine it was small but it was clean and they played music so I have no complaints about that. The gym if you can even call it that, had a handful of extremely outdated cardio machines and guess what they did not work. Only 1 machine in the whole room worked and it was the 1990 elliptical! They had one weight machine and some dumbbells but i wanted to do cardio so I was disappointed. The wi-fi worked and I got my water 2 nights during my stay I did not get any on my 3rd day. So resort fee is crap. Next the rooms. We got 2 queens in the South Tower and we got a smoking room. Now bf and I dont smoke but we thought if any of our friends came down they could smoke in the room. Bad bad bad idea. The hallway getting off the elevator reeked of smoke then the room was just stank. It was to be expected but even 2 air fresheners didn't help the room smell any better.  The sink was clogged and slow draining the whole time and the bathroom was so tiny. There were stains on the floor and it always felt wet so we had wear shoes the whole time. But alas it is the Plaza. My biggest complaint was that the power was out for a while and when we called the front desk to complain the lady who answered said it was no fault of theirs bc it was \""an act of god\"". Did she really just say that? We asked if they had backup generators and they said yes but only for emergencies.  Not that the power going out is an extreme emergency but come on its 100+ degrees in the summer in Vegas and im paying to sit in a room with no air and no tv and \""its an act of god\"" is the best you can come up with? Straight bs. 2 stars are for the Pop Up Pizza place and the price we paid for 3 nights was hella cheap. What can I say you get what you pay for. I wont be back.  Deuces Plaza.
Delice gets two stars, and it has nothing to do with the food or coffee. Both are fantastic. In fact, I LOVE the coffee. \n\nIt's the service that stumps me, and why other reviews about this place and the service good stump me even more. My colleagues and I work spitting distance from Delice and come here pretty often. One thing we all agree on is that the experience with Delice employees is unpleasant. We'd probably frequent this place more if it were not for the negative attitudes of the employees. Yesterday morning was the kicker! When I went up to place my order, the girl at the cashier rolled her eyes when she saw me walking up and actually tried to walk away from me. I gave her this look like, what are you doing??? (but I was also slightly amused)...and she stuck around. Four of us got coffee yesterday, just coffee, and we all walked out remarking on how rude everyone was from the cashiers to the barista.\n\nPoint being:  I want coffee again this morning, but I don't want to deal with constipated college girls to get it, so I'll walk an extra block down to Starbucks.
I've gone to various America's Taco Shop locations before and have never been that impressed. I'd say the same for this experience. \n\n1st things, we ordered this for a school lunch meeting the other day. We put in the order the night before but no one ever saw it. It was packaged in a hurry and very difficult to distribute. We certainly wold not order it for a group event again. \n\nThat being said I went back today because I was craving tacos and could bike there in between classes. I was happy to see they gave me napkins in my to go order but that was about the only good thing.  The tacos were meh, as I had expected, but the worst things was this entire place smelled like a bathroom. So if you think America is a bathroom I guess the title is for you. I personally love America and do not care for this place. \n\nI'd take a pass.
I have said it before - sushi is easy as long as the fish is fresh. \n\nHere's a perfect example of a place that has too much self worth and not enough customers.\n\nThe AYCE special was fair priced, average for sushi places, but the majority of the fish was on the edge of freshness. \n\nThe only thing that appeared to be fresh that day, was the Uni (Sea Urchin) and it was admittedly good. The portion was plentiful too.\n\nThe service was fine, but I was the only customer, so I would expect nothing less.\n\nBut in the end, even just one piece of week-old fish can really ruin the whole sushi experience - and a half dozen can turn you into a vegetarian.
Not the usual Hilton standards.  The building is new but the decor is  old style, really.  The hallway is of dark reddish brown walls and our room had a BLACK toilet.  There was no hot or warm water the morning we were to check out, date 4/4/13.  The staff kept saying that we had to keep our water running to get the hot water up to our floor, done that, not working.  Anyways, there are lots of better places to stay than this Hilton failure.  The only good point is that we were connected to the mall.
Service has become slow and poor. Food still ok. We had to ask for water 5 times by walking up to waitress. Took a long time for bill. They need more service help now.
I tried this place out because a few of my husbands friends said it was better than Grimaldi's (which happens to be my favorite). So I went in ordered an arugula salad and a 7\"" pizza with mushrooms and buffalo mozzarella. I read along the reviews and a few people had stated not to get more than three toppings because it makes the dough watery and soggy. I also received a free cannoli for checking in. I ordered another order to go for my husband. I sat down and waited for my food to be brought to my table. They must have misunderstood me because they packed everything to go. So that irritated me. I took it home and as I pulled out a slice of pizza the whole piece bent down and all the cheese and mushrooms fell off. I thought i avoided that by only getting one topping. The same thing happened to the other three thin soggy pieces. Its to bad because it tasted pretty good! Definitely not better than Grimaldi's or  Settebello's. The arugula salad was good, dressing looked like it was straight balsamic and unfortunately a few olives had pits in them. So try not to break your teeth on a salad.  Luckily i was cautious to begin with. The cannoli was average and they only offer small. Definitely no where near as good as cake boss! So all in all to me it is right up there with a fast food joint! Next time ill go back to Grimaldi's:)
Bad service...mediocre food...what more?
2 stars for the lack of customer service. Visited this location twice and received the same snooty idc attitude from an Asian woman with the mustache. I suggest you shop with anyone else but this individual.
Friday night and Im wanting to go somewhere with a cool atmosphere and some good drinks and mabey some good food. Well they had two out of three. The atmosphere is great. Love the patio with the fire pit and the bar is nice as well. I like this part of town and the restaurant fits in here well. The special drinks they have are great, I could suck them down all night,  but I was really hungry and could not wait to try the food. The food was very disapointing. Everything they serve has some crazy sause on it. I like sauces but I just feel they need a little more work on all the sauce i tried that night. The butterfish was cooked well and was great when I scraped all the sauce off of it. That fish is good and doesnt need a sauce like that. I understand the kind of food Im eating but mabey thay need to lighten  up the sauce a little. All the sauces I had seemed like they put a  mango and a pinapple in a blender and then poured it onto my food. You could not even taste the fish. It could be anything under that sauce and that would be all you taste. Then we went for the NY Steak sandwich. It comes with sauteed onions( enough onion for about 6 people) a roll that just falls apart the second you pick it up, and sliced steak that is way to thick and oh yeah one of those sauces again.  I dont mind my sanwiches being a little messsy but after two bites my sandwich looked like it was murdered and scattered all over the plate. When you took a bite everything fell out of the ass end of the roll. When I order a sandwich i dont want to assemble it after every bite nor do I want to eat my SANDWICH WITH A FORK. And again it could have been a piece of plasitic under that roll cause all i tasted was the sauce. I will say the sweet potato fries were not to bad. I dont like sweet potatos really but these were good. I did find out later that they do have regular fries but THEY DONT PUT THEM ON THE MENU, not sure why mabey cause they dont want you to be happy or they are just pushing the sweet potato fries. Whatever the reason I did not like that, cause I would have prefered regular fries.  Im there to eat and if you make it put it on the menu! Overall this place is cool and the servers are friendly, attentive, and knowlegeable about the menue     ( - the fries) but I think the Head Chef should sample all the dishes himself and think about what he is doing in that kitchen. This place could be so much better. Prime location, great atmosphere, just lacking in the food department. Im not sure if all the good reviews are from people that got sidetracked from the atmosphere or if they dont know food and thought they were eating something special or if they had to many drinks before the food. I wanted to like this place so much. I will be back for drinks and to relax by the fire pit but Im not sure i will eat here again.
I'll preface this by saying Black Medicine isn't exactly my favourite coffee chain in Edinburgh. I think I'm jaded from having to fight for a table when I lived closer to the Nicholson Street location and the wifi constantly cutting out. But I recently discovered this one after moving to Tollcross so I decided to check it out. \n\nPositive first - I love the 'look' of Black Medicine - knarly wood stools and tables, the option of a table or booth depending on what you're doing. And this location has the same look going for it. I feel like I'm in a treehouse or something.\n\nUnfortunately I must have come in at an off time because I ended up having to wait a solid 15 mins for my cappuccino after I paid, which felt like a long time. I liked that the coffee came with some cocoa on the top and a little cookie on the side though. Its a pretty well loved establishment with lots of regulars so I'm sure my presence won't be missed. There's just  way too many other awesome places in the neighbourhood to try.
I went in for the first time tonight at Sugar Factory by myself because I was craving for French toast after holiday shopping! I got seated right away by a host at the bar area which is nice! I waited for 10 mins for the bartender to come ask me what I want to drink! Then took her another 10 mins to get to me to order food! Another 30 mins for my French toast to get on my table! For the whole time the bartender (a girl) was so pay attention on her VIP people (from their drunk conversation, the people are maybe owner's friends). She has no intention of greeting other customers on her bar zone! And very unorganized environment at the bar! The bar back has to keep on asking her where everything is, and as a bartender herself went back and forth 4 times to find a bottle of syrup. Then another bartender broke a glass! Everything was not a nice experience! I think the bartender is a nice girl, but very slow and has no muti-tasking skills and not acknowledge of her surroundings! For my 50 mins in this sugar factory, the bartender only talked to me twice, beginning and the end for the check! Never apologize on the delay of my food!
first off, this place has lines out the door come dinner time. my brother and i waited in line a good 45 minutes just to see what all this hype was about. standing in line reminded me of the lines at disneyland. long, slow, and definitely not worth the wait. the selection was alright. service was average, once they sit you down, you never see the waiter again to fill up your drinks. just the guys that take your empty plates away. food was forgettable.
I've only been to this Starbucks location four or five times, but the times that I have gone haven't been that great. Once, when I ordered the tomato mozzarella panini, it took at least 10 minutes to get my order. There have been at least three instances where I'll order that sandwich and they'll be out of it. They should definitely order more sandwiches if they're running out that frequently. And a lot of the time, the staff don't even apologize that they're out they just say \""ok, have a good night bye\"".
I head out to Fountain Hills (40 miles away) this morning to deliver a couple things I brought  from LA.  As I'm driving I figure it's time to grab a couple breakfast-y type things before I reach my destination.   I see a couple fast food places in a strip mall parking lot and this donut shop.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dunkin-donuts-scottsdale-8?select=wJUPcEbPDpO4ZD_ql2CenA#WsNU2W-Ol_cgHs1rRTyf8Q  I think I'm going to grab a couple donuts along with something more substantial.   That is until I look in my wallet.  I've got three 1's and 50's. \n\nIt's chilly outside like high 50's - low 60's.   I walk in the door and OMFG it's like a frikkin blast furnace in there!    There are 6 peeps ahead of me in the VERY slow moving line, so I'm standing there roasting!   Somebody baste me, PLEASE!   \n\nAs I stand there sweltering, I see a sign by the register stating \""We accept nothing larger than 20's\""   Oh well, so much for eating something substantial!  LOL   I start looking at the selection of donuts, or lack there of, in the racks. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dunkin-donuts-scottsdale-8?select=wJUPcEbPDpO4ZD_ql2CenA#E4iy5XisBsDzlG-GZZt88g  It looks like they've they were mobbed just before I got there.\n\nI finally make it to the counter and tell the quiet mousy voiced girl I want an Apple fritter and the raspberry cheese cake donut.    I pay, she hands me the bag and I walk outside into the cool air..... AAAAH!!!\n\nThe apple fritter was not at all what I was expecting.   Yes it tasted more or less like an apple fritter, but bite after bite, I could not find a single piece, chunk, cube or speck of apple anywhere!   I've definitely had much better!\n\nThe raspberry cheesecake donut was better, but was pretty much like any other cream filled donut, except the filling did taste somewhat cheesecake-like.  \n\nOK, now I'm trying to decide, 2 or 2.5 stars.    You know what, the hell with it!  \nJust 2 stars for you!
Pretty ghetto. Pretty empty at 2:30am on a Friday night. Pretty sick that girls were barfing in the sinks. Pretty much not going back.
Server was the best part of this place she had great customer service. The cups our waters came is were dirty with food particles. I ordered scrambled eggs with cheese but they only gave me scrambled eggs. The kitchen claimed it had cheese but it didn't. Kitchen staff was rude yelling out loud about it.
More buffet quality, than cooked to order.  I've never been impressed.  Find yourself a family owned \""New York Style Chinese\"" restaurant and you'll be much happier.  \n\nIf you're looking for a half step above mall food court chinese, then this is your place.  But who wants that kind of experience?  Not I.
Nice tv's food is mediocre at best. Their famous zipp burger was too well done. Our server was really good and the only positive. Would not recommend.
The service here was bad. Just right off the bat. I don't usually go to chain restaurants but I was craving a good old fashioned breakfast sandwich and thought, why not. The food was alright. What I had expected. but oh my goodness. I will give a restaurant the benefit of the doubt on bad service if it was busy but the entire restaurant only had 3 groups in it and we ended up having to get up and find someone to help us. I could see my food in sitting in the window for 10min before it was brought out to us. I doubt I will come back.
Although my experience with Steven at motor movers was initially pleasant, I had several difficulties dealing with the truck driver who was tasked with transporting my car across country. The driver refused to pick up or drop off the car at either the pick up or delivery addresses due to excuses that did not hold water. The delivery driver was extremely difficult to deal with, to the point that I contacted my point person at motor Movers to mediate the situation. Despite Steven's assurances to check in with me regarding this issue, I didn't hear back from him after several days and ended up dealing with the truck driver on my own. I had hoped for better customer service and better communction with the delivery driver, so as to make this experience easier for me. Overall, I'm just glad that I don't have to deal with shipping my car again. It was an unpleasant experience and I won't be doing it again.
Decent place to get your haircut.  Avoid the MVP scam as no dude I know is going to pay extra for some girl to use a weird \""massager\"" on his neck.  The middle package comes with the hot towel face thing which is also very weird while the lady shampoos your hair.\n\nI am not sure what happened to the good old fashioned barber shops around here, but I will find one eventually.  This place does play sports which is nice, but let's face it there usually isn't much on while we are out getting our hair cut.
So B of A was the first bank where I ever opened a checking account or had a debit card. Maybe it was the aggressive advertising aimed at students that didn't know any better that sucked me in, but it was a great deal for them.\n\nI think their dream client is a jackass teenager who forgets to check his account balance before he writes rent checks and pays phone bills so that he'll dip a few dollars too far into his funds. That way they can tack on an extra 25 or thirty bucks the next time he pays a dollar and 88 cents for a slurpee at seven eleven, and so on and so forth. \n\nYeah, that happened to me. I don't bank with them anymore.\n\nThough, I should say, there is the occasional good hearted teller who may cut you some slack around the holidays. They represent the second star.
First visit durning restaurant week. Highly disappointed with the food. Fatty short ribs, mediocre salmon, gloppy sweet sea sesame chicken. The chocolate cake was really good.  The deep fried cheesecake not so much as it renders the cheesecake warm. Will not be returning.
We had a gift card so came here for dinner.  We ordered chicken fingers for an appetizer.  They had very thin breading which I like but the ranch dipping sauce was very watery.  For main courses we had fish and chips and a burger with sauteed mushrooms and havarti cheese.  The burger was good.  The fries that come with the fish were seasoned wedge fries and were fantastic.  The fries that came with the burger were thin and overly salty.  I wish I had been given a choice of fries.  Our waitress was friendly and kept our drinks filled.  We had dessert also - strawberry shortcake.  This was very tasty.\n\nWhere this place falls short is in the details.  There were multiple lights burned out all across the bar and restaurant.  There was a layer of dust on all of the railings.  There were pieces of tape hanging from the bar and the upper railings in the restaurant - it looks like they had banners hanging up there and just ripped them down, leaving tape and pieces of paper just hanging there.  The restaurant used to be a TGI Fridays and it looks like they did a partial remodel and gave up.  There are holes all over the ceiling - looks like maybe light fixtures were removed and holes were just left behind.  Staff other than our waitress were standing around chatting and eating.  It just gives the impression of sloppiness and a complete lack of care or pride in the restaurant.  I don't think I would go back despite the fact that our waitress was friendly.  The food was ok, but the details just leave a lot to be desired.
Party of 9, high expectations. \n\nThe good: \nLarge portions\nGood coffee drinks\nChicken and waffles\nMashed potatoes\n\nThe bad:\nBloody Mary's\nEggs Benedict (Man vs Food)\nMimosa (light on champagne\nHash Special - too complicated\nPrice - Overpriced\n\nThe average:\nService\nAmbiance \n\n\n\nEnd result - Two very rowdy bellies.
This place probably isn't the typical Long Wongs. It's not in the best neighborhood and had a sign at the counter that said \""this isn't Burger King. You don't get it your way. You get it our way.\"" I ordered fish and chips which the menu wall said was batter dipped. I was served beaded fish sticks...(no kidding), like we had in the 70's but they're served with a side of wing sauce. I didn't try that combo though. My husband had wings and said they were average. Fries were pretty limp. Booths were dirty and uncomfortable. I don't know how yelp decided this was a Chinese place. It's everything but.
I hate to give this only 2 stars, but I was staying at an Embassy Suites for crying out loud!  I have to say I was a little taken back when we pulled up to the hotel.  The lobby and staff were nice enough, the rooms were clean, large, but certainly dated, as were the grounds.  What saved the day was the free breakfast, the the chef was slinging omelets like a mad man.  I hope they pay him well.  A decent selection for a free breakfast.   A little bit of a scary neighborhood (questionable to be out at night), but the over all value was okay... accept, I have to complain about the $9.95 per day wi-fi fee.  The front desk staff were super friendly!  Oh, and the restaurant doesn't open until 5pm for dinner???
WOW the front receptionist is very unfriendly and rude, the girl with the light brown hair. The other girl with the dark hair seemed scared of her. Only reason I came here was because I was referred and they took my insurance. I don't think I will recommend this place to anymore people. I don't like going to a place and treated like . A smile  goes a long way also the tone of someone's voice. They need a new girl before they lose more patience.the dermatologist Erika was very nice I didn't like her tho.  for her!
The selection was big but the quality of the food reminded me of a cafeteria. My cousin and I agreed that the food tasted as if it was sitting out for a while. The dessert section was an over load of cupcakes that were way too sweet. We would of been happier if there was a variety of sweets.
The Crepes are delicious.\n\nBut the wait is horrible. On a Saturday or Sunday expect to wait an hour to get a table, even if you are told it's \""about a 15 minute wait\"".\n\nAfter you get seated expect to wait another 30-45 minutes for your food to arrive.\n\nThe crepes are great, but waiting for an hour and half for your food to arrive from start to finish is incomparable.
My family and I went to this restaurant on Mother's Day so perhaps I am being biased as I know most restaurants are out of control on that particular date.\n\nThis was my experience: We had a group of 9 and got seated right away. That was initially impressive! Our waiter was a man named Lorenzo. We ordered drinks, got our chips and salsa/bean dip rather quickly. We ordered our food and from then on it was a 45+  minute wait to receive the food. I think I would have been okay with waiting on the food if I didn't notice that all other families that arrived after mine were brought their food right away. Small or larger groups everyone else's waiters were ON IT; however, ours was not. I finally could not stand it any longer and approached him to ask if he could bring our food as each plate was ready, versus waiting on all of them to be ready entirely. He seemed annoyed at my comment, but noticing how slow he was moving kept irritating me.\n\nOnce the food arrived, I was starved and shoved everything down. I had a combination plate with Huevos Rancheros. The hand made tortillas that came with the meal were a nice surprise. However, the rice was bland. My huevos rancheros had a weak red sauce with no flavor. I asked around the table, and the variety on our table had burritos and fish combo plates, yet they all agreed that each item was rather bland. \n\nThe alcoholic drink selection although not that large, was very good. I ordered something called \""Que Viva la Borrachera\"" and I have to say that probably saved this entire rating. They packed on the alcohol!\n\nI would consider this place for appetizers and drinks with a friend, but not for a meal.
In Atlantic City this would be a solid 4 stars, believe it or not. However, compared to what's happening south of the Riviera on The Strip right now, meh.\n\nThere are a couple of things to note on the good side- \nthe slots are never crowded and neither are the table games\nthe crowd here is as unpretentious as you can get \nthe history of the resort is hard to match- Dino used to be a part owner and Liberace was the headliner here shortly after the doors opened for the first time. Frank Sinatra had one of the rooms in the Monte Carlo Tower remodeled to meet his tastes during one of his runs. There are a few exhibits of the heyday of the Riviera near the Monaco Tower including a great photo of Elvis and Jerry Lee Lewis onstage together.\nrooms are cheap\nPeppermill is right next door\n\nOn the bad side-\nit's dated inside...from the way it's decorated to the way it's operated\nunless you can appreciate \""Old Vegas\"" you won't think you are getting the Vegas experience here\n\nSome new developments are underway nearby which may force the Riv to update and upgrade in order to stay relevant. For now, they are firmly in the 70s & 80s in terms of style and it's not even good enough for hipster irony right now.
Being new to Las Vegas, I was excited to visit Westside Trains. I am an experienced model railroader, so maybe my expectations were too high. When I entered the store the person at the counter never even said a word to me. I guess customers are not that important. There was a lot of Lionel trains, but nothing really displayed very well. The HO products were few and basically for beginning modelers. Very few structure kits and certainly no craftsman kits. Equally lacking was any scratch building supplies other than a few plastistruct items. I always prefer to support local businesses, but it looks like I will have to go back to using online stores.
I can't comment on the teas or boba but the self serve yogurt tasted artificial and out of the box. There wasn't anything special about it is an easy way to put it. Three machines were out of order.
Beautiful colors and clothing and good value, but poor selection of XL and waist over 38.  If you're a skinny gent or lady, this is the store for you.  I guess \""the good life\"" according to Bahama has no room for eating well ;)
Gave this 2 stars because the place is nice and fairly clean, and the waitress was very attentive. The food was not so good. I ordered the corned beef hash omelette and kept looking to find any hash in that omelette. Had a friend that ordered the same thing, and he never found much in his omelette either. Very bland omelette, potatoes were OK, coffee tasted like instant. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
Ate here on Sunday night. The atmosphere was  a bit dull seeing it was in the Paris. The food was a bit commercial. I had the Capellini Pomodoro. It was very common and what you find at Olive Garden. Nothing stood out. The garlic bread was very good. The tirmaso was excellent also. The eggplant parmesan was smothered in sauce and cheese. I had to scrape it off to find what looked like a frozen factory made eggplant patty. There was also a bus girl (woman) that was setting tables and clearing. She looked very mad and when she brought water, she had a very bad attitude. Our waiter was Raymond. He was excellent and had a very funny sense of humor. He cracked us up and was the delight of the more then below standard restaurant.
OK, here it is folks....I've been to this theater before and ran into the escalators being broken down and having to use the elevator(way too long a wait!---Not fun)  but the whole idea of the theater's location is a nice one, and yes, the movies seem to be a bit less macabre there and the maturity of the over-all crowd seems to have less crying children than many other theaters.  Last night though, I experienced the rank sewage smell (throughout the complex) with a friend (bad smells are the worst and most offensive to me!), theater #13 was filthy and unkempt, and the parking underground was a mess again!\nI'm sorry, but if I should decide to go on a date any time soon or to impress a friend, I might have to strongly reconsider my theater choices.  Possibly go to Fashion Square in Snottsdale (Oh well)--At least I know what to expect there!  To me and my friend, the smell was the worst!  Sorry, this theater gets only two stars.
High price for average service. I love Aveda but I was not blown away by this place.
The Barrymore came recommended for dinner from our girlfriend who has wanted to try this restaurant out as well.  Making a reservation was very simple and when you pull up the outside definitely does not match the inside.\n\nThe restaurant is in a resort used, I believe, as time shares.  Once you walk in you feel like you are in a very hip...very upscale spot.  Once you take the corner to the seating area it's a whole new vibe.  It's very Mob sexy with an old \""Casino\"" vibe.  I couldn't stop looking around because of how well put together it is.  The d\u00e9cor was by far the highlight of my night.\n\nI was already hungry so everything on the menu was looking amazing.  The Foie Gras was sold out so I was a little sad.  My boyfriend and I decided to share the lobster and steak because it was recommended for two by our server.  Our girlfriend got the sea bass.\n\nWe ordered a bottle of wine and a cocktail.  When our server came back to the table he asked to take our order...AGAIN.  When we told him he was just at our table he apologized.  He brought over water 10 minutes later.  When he came back with our bottle of wine and asked if we knew about the dinner specials this evening...that he already went over when he took our food order.\n\nWhen our dishes finally came he decided to ask us to move our plates and glasses that he sat down to lay the tray with the lobster tails and our steak.  It was very awkward and weird.  If your surf and turf platter is bigger than the actual table you may want to evaluate your dishes...or a pop up tray to sit between us.  \n\nOur steak was requested medium rare and was presented well done.  Not a big issue for us but when you charge as much as they do and there are literally only 10 tables in the restaurant it shouldn't be an issue.  Meat on both lobster and steak were dry and appetizer portion.  Our girlfriend's sea bass on the other hand was amazing which priced less than my she crab soup.\n\nWhen the bill came it was a bit overpriced for the service and quality of food.  I get what they are trying to do and I applaud them but for amateur service and not a great portion or quality of food I would have rather spent $500 for three people somewhere else.
Sorry, me no likey anymore. \nSince the commencement of the opening of Barrio, I have been enchanted by the giant fan and the cosmepolitan atmosphere. A couple of nights ago, the glass sealing was shattered for me. I arrived as usual with my husband and two small children. We waited for 5 minutes before anyone came to the hostess stand. The woman looked frazzled and put out. Sorry, that's your job, or maybe it is someone else's job and you are covering for them but, still, it is your job. I didn't get any warm fuzzies. \nWhen we were sat at our table, our server was very receptive to our needs. SERVICE HERE IS GREAT, which is the only redeeming quality. Food and prices are not. \nI ordered the \""Seafood Experience,\"" and was highly disappointed. There were two large shrimp on my plate and one fish taco with a very small portion of fish...$16.00 dollars later. The food was good but unless you are anorexic, really bad portions. If you haven't eaten for days because you are starving yourself and you think you may want to binge, try here. Because the portions will look huge to you. \nSeriously, this is not tapas, it is mexican food. I feel like a fatty saying that but let's call a spade a spade.\nIf you want some good, over-priced drinks in a bar that has a lot of old, ugly people, go here.
I'm a Michael's gal!
Went there for lunch today, it's in the strip mall that I happen to own a business. Let me first say I do go to Kona grill a great deal and they are divine. This place well the owner walked out from behind the door and there was no smile, no happy to greet you attitude. Customer service is everything. \nI ordered one of their bowls, it was OK but for the price I was disappointed. \nThe shop, and the two different decorations, one wooden and the other glass table tops, it appears cheap. \nThey are OK but a great deal more expensive than I was expecting. I'll stick with my Kona grill who really knows how to do a Caterpillar roll.
This was my second time here, and quite possibly my last. I'm a fan of Jose Andres' restaurants, but the food tends to be a little hit-or-miss. I really like Bazaar out in LA, but the hit-to-miss ratio was considerably less favorable at Jaleo. Nothing overwhelmingly great, but the lobster salad was good, as were the gambas con gabardina, and the endive with goat cheese. The pan con tomate with anchovies and the the bacon-wrapped dates were both ok, although nothing spectacular. And we should have stayed away from the patatas bravas, which for some strange reason consisted of a bowl lays potato chips squirted with sirracha and mayonnaise. \nThe real killer for the evening was the service. I realize dumb people have to work someplace, but do they all have to be assigned to my table? The bus boy kept awkwardly climbing over us or shoving himself between us trying to take our dishes and glasses when we clearly still had food and pitchers of sangria in front of us. At one point he practically tried to take the fork out of my date's mouth mid-bite. An I once had to slap at his hand to keep him from taking my plate. He's very lucky he didn't catch a fork to the hand. The waiter was really no better, and screwed up our order at least 5 times. It's 3 days later and I'm still waiting for my gazpacho. I also recommend checking your bill before putting your credit card down, as our waiter screwed that up, too.
The food was all right however, the service was weird.. Everyone looked pissed. NO ONE welcomed us or made eye contacts for good 2 minutes (out of one waitress and the two sushi men). They just glanced blankly at our direction. I felt awkwarded out by the silence. \n\nThe waitress (older Korean woman) pointed to a table so we sat there. We ordered something a la carte and two waters and the waitress gave us a weird vibe like she was pissed. The entire meal, she didnt come along to check on us or give us refills. She at one point got cranky with a couple that came in so they actually walked out. When they walked out, she blurted something out to the sushi men. Let's just say i know their language pretty well.....n what she said was not nice. I have  gone there a couple times n they actually talk smack a lot about their customers. Some customers seem like they come there a lot based on what i hear from the conversation. What disloyal people?? It made me mad. \n\nI felt uncomfortable the entire time. Maybe i should have gone elsewhere when i first felt the weird vibe when i walked in. Another family walked in and out too during our meal. It was really weird there. I would not go back.
5/19/10\n\n2.5 stars.\n\nDidn't really care for the interior, and the tables outside weren't beckoning, either.  It was very antiseptic and cold indoors, with only the menu handwritten on the chalkboard, the plain-looking pastry display case (devoid of any ornamentation or even a sign of any effort in making everything inside presentable), and, what looked to me, an antique-looking espresso machine on the counter to lend decoration to the all-white interior.  It was also very noisy indoors, despite the fact that there were only a handful of people!  \n\nOrdered the Mascarpone and fig jam on marble rye ($4) and the Lox w/ cream cheese and tomato ($8 or $9), as well as a latte, no sugar.  The coffee came in a paper cup... why?  Made me feel like she wanted me to leave.  Loved the mascarpone and fig!  (So much so, I soon acquired a jar of organic fig jam from Whole Foods, but I need to find good marble rye toast...)  The lox, however, was disappointing.  While I found the flavors palatable, I thought the lox strips were too thin (I had lox at True Foods Kitchen that were wild-caught and larger for only a couple of dollars more), and the cream cheese rectangles looked strange with its right angles (after seeing such a lovely presentation done w/ the Mascarpone and fig jam).  Made me wish I'd had two sets of the toast!\n\nIt was nice to see that they still roasted the coffee beans on-site.  I wish nothing but success to Toast, but I won't be going back-- at least not for a good long while...
Basing this review on the service. We sat for almost 10 minutes with no one approaching us. A table was sat next to us, then a guy comes by and asks for our order. The server to the table next to us, brought this chalkboard with specials on it, which I never saw, they also got their order in within minutes of sitting. Food was good, but I work in the industry. This was awful.
I normally love this place, but the staff has changed. The hostess was so rude. Kept people waiting for days, even with empty tables. When I finally got seated, she put me right next to a table full of kids. When I asked for a different table, she rolled her eyes, and was a total smart ass. NO people skills whatsoever. The service has become progressively worse. Looks like I'll need to find a new breakfast spot.
Wow... by far the worst pick of the whole stay in LV!\n\nTo be fair... it was desperation. When hunger strikes while your running low on energy = lack of brain power... you get this.\n\nWe walked in... got water and menu and that's it. \n\nWe waited... and waited... and waited...\n\nFinally our server came and was surprised that we were ready to order... REALLY? We just had 20 mins to dissect your entire menu... Go figure!?\n\nI ended up getting a lame breakfast called: \nAMERICAN BREAKFAST \n(two eggs any style; house potatoes with onions, peppers and herbs; choice of sausage, applewood smoked bacon or ham steak; choice of toast with jam and sweet cream butter and choice of juice)\n\nBLAH. \n\nScrambled eggs was bland... potatoes was hard... just a horrible breakfast! Plus for a breakfast spot, their menu is really limited. \n\nBiggest regret: Not going back to Raffles Cafe.\n\nFolks... breakfast or what not... be prepared. \n\nFor the price... so wasn't worth it... at all... I think the Golden Arches would have sufficed better!
Recently my husband and I were on our way to an appointment, and in need of dinner and having about an hour to kill, we decided to try Casa Reynoso since we see it every time we shop at the Fry's grocery store located in the same strip.  I was interested to see if this family-owned place had decent Mexican food.  Having been raised on New Mexico-style Mexican food, I am always on the hunt for food that tastes like Grandma's.  \n\nCasa Reynoso was just ok.  The decor is dated and slightly dingey, but I never judge a restaurant on their decor, it is the service and food that matter, so let's get to that:\n\n-The service was decent.  The waitress seemed to be in a hurry and no one was smiling.  The place wasn't very busy, but we had to wait a while to get our drinks and small little basket of chips and cup of bland, watery salsa.   \n\n-The food quality was just ok.  Nothing outstanding in my book.  I ordered the taco, enchilada, and relleno combination plate with rice and beans.  The rice and beans were probably the best thing I ate there.  The beans had great flavor and not too much salt, and the rice was cooked perfectly, also with lots of flavor.  It's difficult mess up a standard fried beef taco, and the one I had was the same as any other taco you'll get on a combination plate at any Mexican place.  The relleno was also ok, but not a lot of flavor and too much egg.  The enchilada was your regular old cheese rolled into a tortilla and smothered in cheese and enchilada sauce.  The sauce was absolutely disgusting and I ended up only eating a bite of the enchilada.  I will say that I appreciate that they didn't mask the blandness of the food by absolutely suffocating it in cheese.  The food was so mediocre that I don't even remember what my husband ordered, and he definitely didn't rave about it.\n\nOverall, I wouldn't jump to recommend this place to anyone.  The food is mediocre, the staff didn't seem to care, and honestly, we could have gone around the corner to Riva's and gotten better food at their drive-through.  \n\nOf course, I love to give second chances, and I would love to see more family-owned Mexican restaurants thrive in tempe.  A couple of other reviewers recommended the green chili and burritos.  I will have to try those next time, but I don't really have high expectations for this place and probably won't be going back any time soon.
Hmmmmm the sandwich I had was pretty damn good. But it seems as though that I was the only one that could have eggs on my sandwich though. \n\nThe place was dead and yet they had no eggs. I felt bad for my friend Meg who couldn't get eggs on his sandwich. The coffee I got was huuuuuuge. \n\nI did also feel that for a sandwich, large coffee, and muffin that $13 is a bit much. \n\nI also didn't really care for the workers changing the music to something that they wanted to hear. I was getting into the classic rock that was on but then it was gone and Three Days Grace was bumping. \n\nSorry not sorry.
We headed here to try out this place because everyone talks about the huge portions and for their fried chicken and waffles.  I'm not sure why people are raving about a place that services such large portions of less than mediocre food.\n\nMy husband is a fan of fried chicken and waffles, but said these were the worst he's had.  The waffle was dense and rubbery, not crisp and fluffy.\n\nI think I had some type of skillet scramble that came with a crab cake on top.  The crab cake was probably 4-5\"" in diameter with no crab flavor or visible crab chunks.  It tasted of all bread crumb.  I would prefer a small crab cake with actual crab meat it in.  There was a salsa underneath the crab cake which made the country potatoes soggy.  \n\nHuge portions, horrible food and watered down drinks.  There are TONS of places to eat in vegas.  I would definitely skip this place.
$14 for breakfast buffet\n\ndescent breakfast selection, not enough \""hot foods\"", they had some weird concoction like pancake casserole which did not look appetitizing at all.  stay away from the blitz, it looked like a tray of someone's barf from the night before.  really basic variety of fruits like pineapple, grapes, and melons. average selection of cereal (no cherrios!!! boo!).  they had an omlete station which i did not try. stuffed french toast wasnt too bad. \n\nthe breakfast buffet only took up about half the serving stations. i guess for $14, thats all you're gonna get.....that amount of food.
Now I love KFC in general, their original recipe & their crispy strips. Every time I go to this particular location close to my house, it's filthy, all the tables are dirty, the employees don't seem to care about anything. My biggest complaint is, now this is the second time this has happened to me at this location, I order a 12 piece crispy strip meal. I get home and there are 8 crispy strips and 4 boneless chicken with some breading that's spicy & my kids won't touch. Did they run out of crispy strips & just threw those in there knowing I wouldn't find out until I got home? If I wanted boneless chicken then  would have ordered it. From now on I will be going to the KFC on Silverado Ranch & Maryland Pkwy. The place is immaculate & the employees are efficient.
Their coffee products are amazing, hands down. The refreshers on the other hand are disgusting. I had the cool lime refresher and BLAH! \n\nFirst when I ordered it the guy rolled his eyes at me. Disrespectful and rude. When I got the drink they put 2/3 of ice in it, so in other words I had very little of the actual drink. When I took my first sip it felt like I sucked up dry dehydrated lime pulp. I was right. They put in a dehydrated lime slice and it was breaking off into my drink making it bitter and paper like. \n\nOverall I did not appreciate the attitude from behind the counter as well as the mountain of ice and flakes of dry lime. It was not pleasant.
I ordered the Crepe Milan. It took a while to make, but I was in no hurry.\n\nThe consistency of the crepe was too soft, and was very difficult to eat as a result. It would fall apart before reaching my mouth... every... single... time. My coworkers laughed at my plight. It was like trying to have soup with fork.\n\nShame.... I love Crepes. I wouldn't come here again.
Outback STEAK-house apparently couldn't live up to it's steakhouse fame. We ordered their steak&lobster special and $9.99 steak special. Of course I don't expect $10 steak to be an example of perfection but I at least expect it to be edible. I ordered it medium but it came out absolutely medium rare. I struggled with cutting a first piece and I couldn't even chew it... it was just plain inedible. Wife ordered medium well and it came out medium. French fries looked soggy like they were sitting in a bin for a while. I sent my plate back and even though establishments attempted to give me a replacement meal I denied. To their credit they comped the desert.\n\nBottom line... not going back there again. Steakhouse were you can't get steak right doesn't make sense.
Average Vegas hotel. Beds are aged, In the morning between 8-10am when you want to sleep you'll hear knocking on doors and a squeaky voice saying 'housekeeping' til you want to scream. Concierge has no clue, got us tickets for re wrong night at a show.
I'll be honest, I am hard on Tex Mex restaurants in the Burgh. I want so much to believe that I will find a place that does good tacos and I am disappointed over and over again. Here's the thing about tacos that no one in this city seems to understand: the tortillas are the part of the taco that touches the tongue first and will be the source of much of the mouthfeel that you experience while chewing.  (Yeah, I am a bit upset with myself for using the word \""mouthfeel\"" but I wanted to use something besides \""chewiness\"" and my thesaurus is out of reach).\n\nI lived in San Antonio for years before moving to Pittsburgh and in most of Mexico and Texas a \""taco\"" is expected to be a soft tortilla (can be flour or corn) that is freshly made in house. A fresh tortilla makes a world of difference to the enjoyment of the taco. Some of my favourite tacos in the world are just plain, $1.50 tacos that are with some plain 'toppings' a good verde salsa, in a warm, fresh tortilla. I say all this because I think that Verde puts too much emphasis on the ingredients (Which are still under-spiced and boring with some store bought hot sauces on the table giving all the flavor) and then put those toppings into a boring, store bought tasting tortilla. So there you are spending $5 for a taco that's substantially underwhelming.
Meh. I've experienced better. menu not big enough for me. pretty blah.\n\nSoju (like Korean vodka) was the best part.. that shit will have you walking around in the streets with yo' pants off.\n\n                                          *you....have.been.warned.*
2 1/2. Went to Red Rocks Cafe on Christmas Eve. \n\n I had the Chicken Saltimbocca as it was the servers recommendation. The dish was lackluster at best. The angel hair pasta was mushy and the sauce needed flavor. The veggies on the side were beautiful though. \n\nThe fruit and Chicken Salad plate was well received by the person I was dining with. The fruit was a nice assortment rather than simply melon. \n\nCost was very reasonable. \n\nThe service wasn't very friendly- I understand it's not fun working holidays but at least smile and wish your tables a Happy Holiday. \n\nI'm not sure whether id go back again. It wasn't terrible but it wasn't wonderful.
I had brunch here on a weekend (they only serve the lunch menu M-F). \n\nMaybe my experience wasn't so great because my options were limited- but overall- this place was a huge disappointment. \n\nI ordered the cactus iced tea- nothing too special about it. \n\nWe had the goat cheese appetizer that everyone is always raving about and it was nothing more than melted goat cheese with some peppers in it which tasted average. It was so rich we only ate about 25% of it. \n\nMy husband ordered a breakfast enchilada and I ordered the bacon and hash brown quesadilla (off the appetizer side of the menu). In both items, the tortilla was too hard, undercooked, and heavy tasting. My husband's food tasted no different than normal breakfast food (just eggs and chorizo inside). Mine was disgusting- too much goat cheese grilled on the top, not enough bacon inside (hardly any) and the hash brown with the tortillas didn't taste right at all (bad combination but I thought it might taste ok). \n\nMy experience has been that all of the newer places in Vegas have tasted great- because they are still establishing themselves. The other places that have been around for a while no longer care to maintain themselves and have been mediocre to disappointing. The only exception to that has been Nobu.\n\nI wish we would have gone to Mon Ami Gabi or one of the high end buffets at Bellagio or the Wynn instead- it would have cost the same and no doubt tasted better!
Despite appearing like some sort of American style diner (and it does look quite cool), City Restaurant is very British. Whilst small, seemingly nothing-special joints like this in the States might actually serve fantastic bagels or waffles or whatever, in Britain they tend to serve standard greasy chips. I think there is maybe some problem involving lack of  pride or something.\n\nCity Restaurant really isn't that bad a place. It's clean enough, friendly enough, it's not exactly expensive.  But I'm put off by the quality of the food. Maybe it's because I'm too concerned about what goes into my body that I can't appreciate a place like this. I also find it hard to find great options as a vegetarian although their baked potatoes aren't half bad.\n\nThere is still some charm to be had here, but some added homely family style cooking, or some quirky speciality wouldn't go amiss.
Don't come here for the food. The beer is ok, standard Wisconsin bar alcohol selection. The servers are not too attentive.
We booked this stay as Invited Guests through the Players Club. When we arrived, the invited Guests check-in was closed and we spent twenty minutes waiting in the general line. Our room type we'd reserved through our Player's Club invite was not available (we weren't told this however, we got to \""discover\"" it when we walked into our room.) No accomodation was made for this (an upgrade? something to indicate that the property was sorry?), and although we were moved to the room type we'd reserved the following day; we had a beautiful view of a wall and a sliver of skyline. Poor form.\n\nAdditionally, this property now seems to be overrun by the \""Jersey Shore\"" crowd. Tons of drunken \""Situations\"" wearing their Ed Hardey and pumping their fists while preying on the stumbling \""Snookies\"" who are too drunk to walk in their ridiculous heels.
Very friendly place, family run.  Comparable to a Circle K.\n\nI dinged them for stars because of some freshness issues.  I bought a bottle of soda that was flat, and chips that ended up being right up against the expiration date.  I suspect business is a little slower at D's so inventory doesn't turn as fast.
Stopped in for a takeout of Spaghetti & Meatballs.  I told the lady taking my order that I like meat sauce for my pasta.  They charged me an extra few bucks for \""extra sauce\"" and what I got was another pan of bolognese sauce in my takeout.  It was weird.  Just really wanted one meal...instead payed for two and still could only eat one.  \n\nAs far as the food went, it was ok, but not great enough that I will be back.  Think that the next time I want pasta I will get it at Macaroni Grill and make the extra drive.
Been to this place 3 times, this morning being the 3rd.  My turn-off to this place is 3 fold.  First is the unbelievably long wait it is to get a take-out order done - even when there are no other orders in their system.  20 minutes for a couple of burritos?\n\n2cd, this place is WAY over priced!  Their breakfast burritos are just short of 5 bucks, but they do not come with cheese, they charge you and extra .50 cents for that.  I had their version of Huevos Rancheros and it was nothing to come out of my way for. Small portions and the price was almost 8 bucks.  The guy working the counter today told me $4.95 for 10 freshly made flour tortillas.  Seriously? This is NOT a good price.  \n\n3rd,the dude working the counter.  About as much personality as a box of rocks and he has been working that counter all 3 times I have been there.  \n\nTheir competition out beats them in price, quality, speed-of-service and taste, hands down.  I am referring to Los Dos Favoritos.  Their burritos are much cheaper and taste MUCH better and the wait is FAR less.  Their version of Huevos Rancheros is also far superior and the same to be found with everything on their menu, IMO.  I'm not saying the food here is bad, per-se, it just doesn't match up to other Mexican Food restaurants in town.  They are calling this place a bakery, I am assuming, because of all the freshly-made desserts and \""pan\"" they have out there. It all looks good, but again, the price is too high.  The New Mexico grill is also better.  \n\nAnyway, not the worst place on earth but their prices need to come down and the amont of time it takes to get a small order out needs to decrease substantially.
My husband and I stopped in here by a friend's suggestion for a nice romantic dinner. My husband and I had made reservations a few days earlier and were seated upon arrival (we arrived about 20 mins early). As a starter we had calamari which tasted very good. I had ordered the seasonal lobster mango salad. My husband ordered the fillet and lobster with a baked potato. My lobster mango salad was very rich and creamy and got overwhelming quickly. My husband's steak was mediocre but his lobster was decent. The baked potato was half a size of a football and came with sides (bacon, sour cream, butter, and cheese). I will say the service was very good but the food lacked taste. Not worth the overpriced hype.
I believe this is where the room service comes from.  Their food is worse than a cafeteria. While the portions are very large, the lack flavor. We mostly had breakfast selections. \""Hash browns\"" are unseasoned, frozen potato shreds burnt to a crisp on the outside and mushy on the inside. The eggs were under cooked and unseasoned. I had a raw poached egg.  One star is for the fabulous hollandaise sauce.\nWait staff was very good and attentive. Which is why they got 2 stars.  There are many restaurants in this hotel. Do yourself a favor and pass this one by.
I really wanted to like this place; it's five minutes from my house. Unfortunately, Market Grille Cafe just doesn't have very good food. The prices are also pretty ballsy considering its a step up from a fast food joint. I felt really ripped off by the end of the meal.\n\nNo pita with the soup, salad and appetizer. (Why?) We had a lovely feta cheese appetizer that we just stared at until our meals showed up. When the pita finally made an appearance at the table, it was four tiny wedges on the plate with the entree. \n\nThe avgolemono soup was pretty good; lots of chicken, not a lot of rice. The salad that comes with the entrees is also fine, just a little heavy on the dressing. Unfortunately, the starters were the highlights of the meal. \n\n I actually had to spit out my one bite of spanakopita, it was THAT GROSS. It tasted as though it had been made days ago and had surprise inner layers of mushy phyllo. Stale and inedible; I'd have sent it back if my husband hadn't eaten it (I don't think he liked it either, but he's a 'clean your plate' type). \n\nThe hummus and tzatziki were disappointing. Both had an off taste and didn't seem fresh. The filet skewers were pretty rare, rarer than I would have liked if they'd bothered to ask. The rareness wouldn't have fazed me if the meat had been fresh and of good quality, but, like much of what we ordered, it seemed as though it had been sitting around a few days. They're also selling what amounts to a lunch portion at other places at a dinner price. If you're going to overcharge for three bites of meat, it'd better be delicious, you know? I skipped dessert; they'd gotten enough of our money already. \n\nI may or may not come back here. I'm willing to believe they were having an off night and try ordering something else (never again for the spanakopita though, I'm nauseated just thinking about it), maybe a lunch special. In spite of their convenient location, Market Grille can't touch my other Greek spots.
Booked this hotel through a third party so was surprised by the sneak attack resort fee at check in.\nBe aware. It doesn't matter what you paid or how you paid it. They will up charge you.\nStaff was very nice and although they are stationed at every corner trying to sell you things they politely take no thank you for an answer.\nOur room was nice. Clean and comfortable. Bathroom was outdated and had to call maintenance to replace a light.\nUnfortunately they couldn't fix the shower faucet that required hard core ninja kicks to turn it on and off.\nIf you choose to forgo housekeeping and \""go green\"" they slip an $8 voucher under your door. That will AMOST buy you a cup of overpriced coffee.\nSmall fridge in the room but that's it. ( no coffee.....sigh)\nIf you do not enjoy dj hosted club music you won't be able to enjoy the pool in the evenings. I don't think it'd even be so bad if it were at least a more \""general audience\"" selection.\nNot alot of dining options in the hotel that are open evening hours. Weird for Vegas.\nOff the strip and lots of parking in the garage. I guess it could've been worse.
I had a super rude cashier made a huge fuss over a exchange of a broken item. I would have bought but because of her rudeness I did my exchange and left I didn't get her name but on my receipt it says cashier 1271421
I was very disappointed base on all the good reviews. The food was ok ( baked potato was cold) I feel the dining room is poorly managed as most of the tables needed bussing which required us to wait 20 min. Service was very slow and had to ask multiple times for bread and water. Hate to say this but Outback is MUCH better. Will probably never return or recommend to friends
This place should be named America's disappointment shop instead. When we arrived I had high expectations of this place. The menu looked promising. I had my wife and child with me we both got burritos and al pastor quesadilla and when it came to ordering some soft drinks their options weren't very expansive or inexpensive. Finally the burritos (al pastor) arrived and when I saw the size of the burrito I was super annoyed for the 24 dollars I just spent it should of been the size of a small dog. Needless to say I will not be coming back to America's disappointment shop. The reason for 2 stars was because the meat itself was delicious but it's not worth it. Sorry.
We paid for this.  I can't believe it.  For free its a good deal, but to pay?  Sheesh.  There really is a sucker born every day, and that was my day to fill the role.  On the upside...it beat walking the strip in 100 degree weather?
As a lover of food, especially fish, I recommend Milos for ONE reason.  The quality of the food.  If you want the freshest fish in town, come here.\n\nHowever...if you value great service, fantastic atmosphere, and want to be happy you just spent a few hundred dollars on a meal for two, don't come here.\n\nWe started off with a glass of wine (greek selections only by the glass) It didn't make me wanna take my shoes off and squish grapes at a winery...it was just ok.\n\nWe TRIED to order regular jumbo prawns, but \""teeth\"" (that's her nickname) suggested the Portuguese Longines Shrimp.  WRONG!!!\n\nI not only managed to slice my thumb and jab my pointer finger trying to open this, but also got lemon juice in that same wound!  It was a nightmare!!  First off, I've never seen one of these \""shrimp\"" before, and they're life size!  They come looking devious, with two giant claws and eyes bulging and beady!  Shortly after, I took the \""class\"" out of fine dining and said \""Can I please have a shot of Jameson and a Coors Light?\""  (They didn't have Coors Light, and I immediately don't trust a restaurant that doesn't carry Coors Light!)\n\nWe also ordered grilled peppers thinking they'd come out like the delicious Mediterranean style, with a bold flavor, spices, vinaigrette, and more...NOPE.\n\nFinally, our fish (Sea Bass) came out, it was very fresh, but very boring.  It was simple, with Olive Oil, Capers, and Lemon, but nothing Mediterranean about it.  Matter of fact, nothing about this experience was Greek/Mediterranean, so that was a disappointment.\n\nService was poorly executed.  Glasses were empty, we had to ask another server (on top of the two we had designated to us) to refill drinks, and might have seen our main server twice.\n\nNot a great first time experience, I won't go back.  \n\nOne solo entertaining moment...the gentleman to the left of us was wearing the IDENTICAL shirt as the servers...note to self, DO NOT wear a blue and white plaid long sleeve button up when dining at Milos!!  Very funny, and the only thing that made us smile besides the company of each other  ; )
The food here is okay, not bad. Boba tea is average, I've had much better in California :(. Their service is terrible, especially when you order take-out.  The waiters/servers who give you your order is so rude!
Argh, what a disappointment.  Having read through the list of raving reviews and listening to the concierge's recommendations, I thought that this would be the killer place to spend our last evening in Montreal.  Instead, it killed the good vibe!  \n\nOk, so we sat down ok and had a nice introduction to the restaurant.  Staff was pleasant enough.  A bit disengaged but not to a degree that was unbearable.  I started with a lovely butternut squash bisque.  That was quite good.  The wife had a mesculun salad that had a grotesque, sloppy presentation (a large bunch of leaves bound together in a completely inconvenient mass too difficult to truly address) ... That had to be sent back.  She had a mushroom risotto that was quite nice.  I had a veal dish that was forgettable, to be honest.  She had a 'Pinot noir' that was, at best, a top choice at Olive Garden.  I had a cab that, without exaggeration, smelled like hard boiled eggs. To top if off, something caught fire in the kitchen, so service came to a stan still for the entire place.  The entire restaurant had a haze to it.  No apologies from management for the smell or for the fact that dinner took two hours.
After reading some positive reviews I wanted to try Buddy V's for some decent Italian food. It's a nice place with a nice view of the strip, with the neon lights flickering in the background. Here is what we had:\n- Grandmas Meatballs. These were pretty tast but our order was cold. I know they are not made to order  but you expect them to be warm.\n-Calamari Fritti. You basic calamari with 2 slivers of a banana pepper and grilled lemon. Another dish that came out cold.\n-Lisa V's Linguini and white clam sauce. This dish has the most balanced flavors and a decent amount of clams. This was the 3rd dish in a row that was cold. I would have mentioned it to our server but he wasn't around much.\n-My mother in laws shrimp scampi. The one dish that came out warm . It had pretty good flavors but not the best scampi I ever had. My mother in laws is much better!.\n\nWhere most authentic Italian restaurants might offer you freshly grated parm you had to ask for it and it took a few minutes to let the food get even colder. We also asked for some bread, mainly for the scampi since it had a nice broth build up in the bottom of the bowl. The waiter looked as if I was asking for ketchup at a steak house. Another dissapointing Italian meal in Las Vegas, my search continues!
Gross. I stayed here one time and totally regret it.  At first they were gonna put us in one of those motel type rooms that weren't even connected to the main hotel.  But the front desk guy was nice enough to tell us to just go out there, say that you don't feel safe, come back to him and he can get us a room at the main tower.  \n\nPlace is pretty run down/old. And it is REALLY cheap. You can walk to the strip from there..but still...I rather fork over more money to stay on the actual strip and get a better room.  Thank goodness I'm not a poor college student anymore!
I really wanted to like this place.  I was in with a friend a few months ago and we had a great bartender and I had a couple of beers but we didn't have any food.\n\nThis time I came back with family and and we had food.  This place suffers from the more is better and more bacon is even better mentality that is in vogue with those that don't understand balance.  The meat pizza was good but over topped which made the crust go soft and bacon dominated all of the meats.  My wife had the summer berry salad special.  She liked it but said the dressing was too oily and didn't have enough vinegar.  \n\nI had the Garfield which is a turkey wrap with bacon and cranberry aioli.  The only flavor was bacon.  I really missed the cranberry flavor.  A simpler version done at SunUp is much more balanced.\n\nThe beer selection was skewed bizarrely to +7% ABV beers.  There were only a couple of \""sessionable\"" beers available.  The ESB I tried was flat and tasted more like a brown.  \n\nThe house ketchup it terrible - it isn't sweetened and tasted like canned tomato paste.  It is bitter and sour and really ruined the decent fries that came with my sandwich.  If the place could lose some illusions and pull back a bit it could be a great spot.\n\nOh, the place only had a few tables of people and noise level was horrible, maybe that is why the waitress missed my iced tea order, although the staff seemed to have no problem talking to each other for long stretches.  Given the spotty service and the fact that one of our glasses was dirty and my daughters soda had something floating in it, I won't be quick to come back.\n\nMy wife commented that the bathrooms and the dining area were very clean.
Overpriced food that was just ok. Glad I ate here once. Now I know not to bother with going here again. \n\nSince we stayed at Planet Hollywood where this is located, we wanted to try it. Every time we walked by everyone's meals looked amazing! We didn't bother to check the menu first; we were hotel guests and had a 10% off coupon to eat here. It was close, we were famished, so in we went.\n\nTalk about your sensory overload! I don't think there is anyplace at Planet Hollywood that is quiet and relaxing. The loud music blared the entire time. This was in addition to the TVs wrapping around the room, each one showing something different. That's too much for me. What happened to at least being able to play Keno while you wait for your meal and dine?\n\nOur server was friendly, menu choices were ok; the food took a little longer than we thought it should have. I had a crab cake sandwich which came with French fries and Larry ordered the Reuben which also came with fries. Food was slow coming out of the kitchen but our server made several stops by our table to check on us and let us know it would be out soon.\n\nMeals looked yummy upon arrival. Thin, crispy, French fries are stacked in a cute paper cup and you get your own mini-bottle of ketchup to just dip them into. That was fun. My sandwich was very so-so however. I couldn't taste much crab and it was kind of mushy. Larry's Reuben looked good, it was on marble rye and piled with meat and kraut, although I didn't try it. \n\nThis meal would've been decent had it not cost around $35 for two people for lunch with the 10% off! No dessert and we both just had water. Not worth a return visit when there are so many other choices.
So my boyfriend and I decided to visit this location after being thrilled with the recent facelift and menu upgrades to the Salty's in Scottsdale. Unfortunately and fortunately, our mediocre at best experience here has also reminded me to leave the Scottsdale location a stellar review (sorry Peoria!). \n\nWe went on a Sunday and this place was ghost town dead. At first impression, this place seems like a cool hangout for weekend get togethers, but upon further look, you can definitely tell this place is in serious need of a facelift. The columns are missing chunks of tile, the tables and barstools have seen better days and are falling apart, and one of the tvs we couldn't tell if it was just old or if there was some dried substance running down it. Overall the place just looks dark and dirty. On to the food....\n\nThe menu at this location is not the same updated menu from the Scottsdale location but still has similar dishes. We opted for \""tableside\"" guac (our favorite), and the fundido. The appetizers came out lightening fast, which you would think is a good thing, but it was almost too fast. The guac was brought out to us rather than made tableside  and had brown oxidation and oil separated from the dip like it had been sitting out all day. You could tell from the taste as well it was not fresh. The fundido was similar, like congealed velveeta that had been sitting out too long. We also had to separate some chips out from our basket because they were soggy with oil. For entree we shared a 6 taco basket with chicken tinga, grilled steak, the mahi taco, and the breaded fish taco. My boyfriend described the tinga as \""alright\"" and while the flavor of the steak was good, the pieces were minced so small that the texture was unappealing, almost like dog food. The chipotle crema saved the mahi taco but I think the taco was missing avocado slices, I couldnt remember from the menu if that was supposed to be included or not. The breaded fish taco was okay but was missing both avocado and sauce as described which was disappointing. Unfortunately, we're now both at home with upset stomachs, headaches, and nausea :(\n\nOn the brightside, our server was nice and checked in on us often. No complaints there. Unfortunately this wasn't enough to convince us to return though; next time we'll probably go back to the Scottsdale location. It's sad, this place has so much potential I feel like they are just not taking advantage of.
Gilley's is kinda weird.  We ordered Nachos and Soup to split.  The soup average at best and would have been better except for the dried meat chunks.  But it was hot and that's more than we could say for the Nachos.  My first bite had sour cream and I thought that's what was cold but my wife Hates sour cream and she said the same thing, avoiding it of course.  I stuck my finger straight into the center and sure enough, cold to the center.  I wish I had taken a picture.  The shredded cheese on top hadn't even melted.  They were kind enough to remove it from the bill but after acting like they might not at first.  I don't trust a kitchen to fix me more after something like that.  The weird part didn't bother me as much but my wife felt strange walking in because they have a sign having you follow the footsteps and it leads you through the dancing and party area.  You can tell lots of add-on construction has been done over the years.  Might be time for a total redo.
I'm really conflicted about this place..I expected so much and left with really dry steak pieces still stuck in my teeth.  We went for dinner at 9pm on July 4th and the place was half filled..not a good sign.  Our wait service was alright.  However, we ordered goose fat fries which the waiter forgot or didn't hear my husband when he ordered it.  Nevertheless, we asked about it and it ended up coming during the last part of our meal. \n\n Now let me get to the steak.  We ended up sharing a 28 day dry aged rib eye.  On the advice of the waiter, he said to order the steak \""medium\"" with pink in the middle vs \""medium-rare\"" which he said would mean that the steak would still be dark pink and cool in the middle.  BIG MISTAKE!  I don't exaggerate when I say that the steak was TOUGH as cardboard and it had to literally saw through the steak to get a piece off.  Also there is this extremely salty and peppery crust on the steak that added to the dryness to the steak.  Also, the goose fat potatoes were also very dry with a tough crust around it.  Interesting enough, that was also very salty.\n\nThe only saving grace is the truffle creamed spinach.  This dish is delicious!\n\nMy lasting memory of this place is salty tough steak that was stuck in my teeth on the way back to our hotel...not pleasant.
Until they have completed the renovation, stay clear of the hotel. The Casino is fun with many areas for viewing sports and playing games. Centrally located for walking (We didn't move the car all weekend). But really, the hotel is really bad. Sheets were clean and all, but really dirty hallways and general area. I feel bad reporting this because I know it's full on construction, and looks like it'll be nice once it's the LinQ (they are abandoning Quad name as #4 is bad luck for the Asians). Once it's done (they say mid year 2015) I'll visit and give report. \n\nCentrally located and the linq has many places to eat and shop, and Margaritaville is right there. Caesars right across the street. Can't wait to return (when they are done...)
Poor service, extremely slow. Our waitress didn't show up until about 15 minutes in, then it took forever for her to bring the food (despite the fact the table of 4 next to us ordered from her about 10 seconds before we did, we didn't get ours (a table of 2) until a good 10 minutes after them). She even said she saw it, but then didn't bring it for another 5 minutes. Before we had gotten our entree she came by and asked if we'd like any desert. Totally clueless.\n\nNow the food. It was just ok. They got the order wrong and messed up the sauces completely. We both had the pulled pork, but neither was very pulled, more like chunked. I shouldn't need a knife to eat pulled pork, but I certainly did. It was also extremely fatty. I had huge pieces of fat and gristle. It was also way oversalted, and this is from two people who like their salt. The fried pickles were just ok, we've had better. They were too soggy. The jalapeno bacon poppers were good, but not outrageous as I was led to believe. The texture was a bit off, and the bacon wasn't crispy. The potato salad was good, as were the hushpuppies. The smoked vegetables were a bit soggy as well, not crispy as you'd expect, but they were ok.\n\nWe won't be going back.
Parking! Parking! Parking! What a nightmare! I have never found a spot inside their parking area. I always park at the Wendys across the street and walk over. As for the service I can't complain, they have always helped me out and been very nice. It does however take me awhile to get an appointment. Usually ranges between 7-10 business days. I have also never had anyone at my clinic ever pick up the phone. I have always left a message and they return it within 24-48 hours.
While in AZ I thought any Mexican restaurant would be good, I was wrong. My husband's uncle and wife raved about this place so we tagged along for dinner. This restaurant is located in a plaza. Upon entering the resturant You notice it is decorated really nice. I loved the Spanish decorating and the whole restaurant vibe. When we arrived we had to wait for them to fix a large table so we took the kids to the bathroom. The bathrooms were nicely done as well and very clean. After we finished in the restroom we were seated and our waitress came out. She was very nice and she took our drink orders & salsa orders. They have a couple of kinda of salsas. I was not impressed by their house salsa --and usually I'm down for salsa and chips but this salsa was a no go. The chips weren't even great. I ordered the cheese dip and this was actually pretty good. I ordered a chimichanga but it was not good at all and there was no cheese in it or on top of it and it did not taste good. I ended up sending it back and not ordering anything else. I tried my daughter's and husband's food and I wasn't impressed with that either. This place only gets a two due to the decorations and the good service. Food wise ---they did not represent Mexican food right.
Service was spectacular, staff are great. Vegas pricing, so not cheap. Food was meh. Not impressive.
The restaurant is beautiful, located in the Venetian...kind of a maze to get to.\nFreezing in the restaurant....not sure what's up with restaurant being freezing cold in Vegas, probably trying to rush people out, but there was literally no one there.\nThey serve the bread on the paper cover that's lying over the table and they give you no bread plate so it was interesting....especially since the whole restaurant looked so formal....by the time we were done with the crusty bread, we had breadcrumbs all over our table!  \nFor my main entr\u00e9e I ordered the Croque Madame, came out lukewarm....my friend also ordered this and hers came out cold.  The cheese that they put over it is creamy and weird....the whole thing was weird...do NOT get the croquet madame.\nAnother friend we were with ordered the Warm Asparagus salad and for $14 you literally get like 5 pieces of asparagus with sauce drizzled on it....more like a side rather than a salad.\nWe also had to repeatedly ask for condiments and they really took a long time fetching it for us....the manager even came over and told us he'd get us more mustard and then he walked away and never returned.....\nOverall experience...I probably wouldn't come back.
So, this place has great desserts, but is trying WAY too hard to be hip.  It is part of the odd hookah craze which has hit Charlotte, and like it or not, hookah is smoking.  That's right, I said it: it's nasty smoke, indoors, which is supposed to be illegal.  The desserts we ordered were mixed-up and one was forgotten, plus they all tasted like the vile fruit-smoke being puffed all over the place by the poseurs in the corners.  If you are into the \""scene,\"" this is the place for you!\n\nHere is a quote from a recent article on hookah smoke: \n\n\""Hookah smoking is a social experience. A group of people usually passes around a shared mouthpiece. Some lounges offer disposable mouthpieces for better hygiene.\n\nMany hookah smokers consider the practice less harmful than smoking cigarettes. That's in a study by the American Lung Association.\n\n\""This is troubling from a public health perspective,\"" the American Lung Association says in a briefing. Evidence shows that hookah smoking has many of the same risks as cigarette smoking. It has been linked to many of the same diseases caused by cigarette smoking.\n\nWater pipe smoking delivers nicotine. That is the addictive drug found in cigarettes. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) say water pipe smoke is as toxic as cigarette smoke. The way hookah is used -- deep inhaling, frequent puffing and long smoking sessions -- may deliver more toxins than cigarette smoking.\n\nA typical one-hour hookah session involves inhaling 100 to 200 times the volume of smoke inhaled from a single cigarette. That's according to studies cited by the CDC.\n\nUsers are at higher risk for various types of cancer, reduced lung function and fertility problems. The CDC says hookah is not a safe alternative to smoking.\n\nAlmost a half a million Americans die prematurely each year from using tobacco and being exposed to secondhand smoke. That's nearly one in five deaths.\""\n\nThe link to the full article is below:\nhttp://www.wbay.com/story/19796390/the-harmful-effects-of-hookah
What happened to you?\n\nThis place, specifically this Macayo's, used to be so good when I was a kid. I came back here last weekend and I was so disappointed. Everything about this place just seemed way sloppier than how it used to be.\n\nEssentially, Macayo's is one of the staple eateries of Phoenix. It's like a bastard cousin of Garcia's (RIP). It's the typical Americanized Mexican food, nothing too spicy but plenty of taste and it's heavy too. It's true though what the reviews have described it as: a Mexican TGI Friday's or Denny's.\n\nIt's so sad to see Macayo's in the state. It's like that girl you used to think was cute when you were in junior high... but then you bumped into her a few days ago at the grocery store and she looks worn out in every sense of the word after surviving through four kids and three divorces. C'mon, Macayo's! Take care of yourself!
Tough to have to do this but it's what has to happen. Stepped in to meet my parents for breakfast and ended up coming in at the midpoint if their meal.\n\nWhen I arrived to sit there the table next to them was fully stacked with old plates and stuff. Although I say there they never offered or bussed the table for me. Even when I ordered a shrimp cocktail. They brought the shrimp cocktail and placed it on my parents table, all while ignoring the table in sitting at with previous diners food all over the place. \n\nWhen I paid and left the table still hadn't been bussed!!!\n\n\nVegas has shitty service now. It's the way of our future I guess.\n\nThe pancakes are awesome though. Star given for that!!
I remember why I choose other places over this one because their service is inconsistent sometimes fast sometimes slow n it doesn't matter how busy their are and the biggest one for me is I never feel gratitude from the employees there. Sushi is good I do have to say
The overall concept is cool where you can get individual sized portions, but that's just a gimmick.  I can see it working from a standpoint of people taking more than they can eat and then not finishing, but it's also a pain to fill up your plate with 4 other plates or pots or whatever they are and then have to keep running back up to get something else.  It's their way to have you pay more for less.  Desserts are desserts, I don't need to fill up on that, I'd rather have lots of food selection than worry about how many desserts there are.  I agree with the one poster where if you see that's all people are posting in pictures, then there's probably a reason for it.  \n\nSince I'm not glued to going to the Strip and live in Vegas, I'd rather go to the M where at least you get free alcohol and I can pile my plate up to my heart's content.\n\nNice concept, poor execution.
Second visit here. Drove in from Phoenix. First time food was decent so we decided to try it again. This time was just a whole lot of nothing special. Certainly not worth an hour drive. Both times I have come they were \""out of something.\"" It is even written on a  board to be filled in daily.  Today was ribs...really, ribs at lunch in a BBQ joint.  The food was mediocre at best, the waitress was dismissive and bothered by working, the restaurant was clean and the bathroom was clean though. Likely because the lunch rush consisted of three people. Conclusion: Nothing special about this BBQ!
We are staying at the MGM Grand for a conference and I wanted to have my first Thomas Keller experience. Unfortunately maybe I should have waited till I could get to San Fran or NYC. This restaurant is very difficult to find at the Venetian. We arrived at 8:30PM on Sunday night without a reservation and were seated right away, which was nice. \n\nSalad choices were disappointing with a chevre chaud served on mixed greens rather than mache, so I went for an endive and watercress with roquefort. Good dressing although slightly over-dressed and nice endive... but they should not have bothered to list this salad as containing watercress as it barely made an appearance. Still, not a bad salad.\n\nMy boyfriend had the steak-frites which was nicely prepared and herbed, but the fries were so salty we had to drink about 5 glasses of water to get through just a few of them. There was a huge mound of fries left over -- need I say more?\n\nI ordered the Duck Confit as my entree and could not have been more disappointed. What should have been a luscious little plate was dry and also over-salted. They did manage to get the skin crisped OK.\n\nWho over-salts French cuisine??? Apparently, Thomas Keller does.\n\nSounds like the American style brunch would have been a safer bet. I would not return to this restaurant. Overall had NONE of the real appeal of a true French Bistro... which would have been excellent, simply prepared food at a good price.
I don't think I saw an employee for the first 10 minutes I was in there. Once I basically ran into one he was helpful.
This place is way overrated. As a group of four, we ordered an appetizer that had mozzarella sticks, tater skins, pretzels, and wings. I will say, the pretzels were really yummy! That was the only good thing about the visit. The rest of the appetizer was average. I ordered the chicken Capri sandwich and found it very bland (what basil pesto?). In fact, I didn't even eat half of the sandwich. And the cheese on sweet potato fries was just weird. The service was AWFUL. We waited 15 minutes before the waitress took our drink order and that was pretty consistent throughout the meal. Even paying the bill was a hassle...she never asked us how we wanted to do the bill, so she spent 20 minutes fixing it. Then after we paid, she took another 20 minutes to come back with receipts or change. Also, I know it's a sports bar type restaurant, however, you don't need to turn up the volume so incredibly loud that I can't hear the person sitting directly beside me. I would definitely not go back.
This is where you go when you are drunk.  That is it.  You forget that your meal should taste better and be better priced.\n\nThe gyro meat is good but the prices are astronomical for a gyro.  The fries are crinkle cut right out of the bag.  They are completely tasteless.  \n\nIn addition, the sauce is really tart.  Tzatziki sauce should have a creamy taste to compliment the gyro.  The sauce is so pungent that it ruins the flavor of the gyro.  \n\nThe people are nice, the service is quick and the outdoor patio is gorgeous.  Otherwise, skip it.
So I continue to find that my wife and I continue to give this place more chances and they continue to dissappoint us. When we placed our order we were very clear with the waitress that they continually over cook our burgers and we detailed how we like them prepared. Guess what........they were both overcooked. \n\nGuess what.........they charged us full proce and didn't even offer an appology.
We stopped in to get one thing: Poutine. Fast, hot, poutine. It felt like we were waiting for the potatoes to grow. And then, the fries and gravy were cold. I asked the waitress to zap it for me, and she came back with a \""fresh one\"", which was not much warmer. The sangria was good though.
Am I missing something here?? Some pretty positive reviews for this place but it's average at best. For a place that specializes in pasta, you'd expect that to be top notch. I gave it a try since I pass by it everyday. Got an order of the red rigatoni and a baked ziti. The pasta for both dishes were overcooked and the sauce was nothing special. The baked ziti had globs of ricotta so if you weren't careful you'd get a mouthful of it. I seriously can get better sauce from a jar. I know a lot of folks have commented on the picking your ingredients part. Well that's available elsewhere too. It's called grocery shopping people. You could make better stuff at home.  If my kitchen burned down and I really wanted some pasta maybe I would stop by just because it's close to my house. Even then I would still prefer Buca di Beppo or even Olive Garden.
More like 2.5, but again, Yelp won't let you give half stars...and I can't round up on these guys.\n\nFirst and foremost, I'm just gonna be blunt here, do not call yourself a deli...you aren't a deli.  I'll be OK with sandwich shop, but you are most certainly not a deli.  Giving a pickle with your sandwich does not make you a deli.  \n\nAnd, while we're at it, take Brooklyn out of your name, too...there is absolutely nothing Brooklyn about you.\n\nAs for what killed this place for me...the excessive microwaving and re-heating of everything.  That's not called cooking, that's called preparing...and I can do that at home.\n\nHaving said all of that, the food was OK.  Nothing special...nothing inoffensive.  The meatballs (frozen) were tasty...the marinara (canned) was tasty...my daughter's Nathan's Hot Dog was as it should be, if not a bit too nuked, along with the microwaved bun.  The roastbeef on the beef dip was ok but the nuking was excessive.\n\nI won't be going back and will not recommend to anyone I know...not because it is awful...just unnecessary...and ill-named.
Even though I am impressed with the design of the restaurant, I was disappointed in this Asian eatery. This place is only open from 5pm to 11pm. Who eats dim sum for dinner? It doesn't make sense. \n\nA casual looking guy comes and takes my order. He looked like a regular paying customer. I ordered the Northern Beef Stew based on his recommendation as a good noodle soup. Don't get me wrong, my dish was pretty good, but the service was terrible. My drink was not brought to me even after my dish was brought to my table. I had to ask for it again.\n\nOne of the most important thing that accompanies a noodle soup, is of course a soup spoon. I think it is sad that this was forgotten and I had to ask for that too. On top of that, it was almost $20 for the noodle soup before taxes. It is not worth $20 bucks, especially with the terrible service. In addition, portable chopsticks? I expect real chopsticks.\n\nAfterwards, it was difficult to flag my original waiter down since he was too preoccupied with other customers so I had the hostess bring me the check. I really wanted to like this place, but the lack of service made me quite disinterested.
My hubby and I came here on a Saturday night because we were both starving and every other place nearby had a long wait.  That should have been a big red flag.  The food and the service were both sub-par.  Our server disappeared for long periods of time without checking on us and seemed annoyed that we were inconveniencing him by being there.  The busser kept my hubby's ice tea full but then failed to take my plate once I was done eating.  It literally sat there for the entire 20 minutes we waited for our server to bring us the check and then was still there when we left.\n\nWe started with the calamari which had a great flavor, light breading, and came with two tasty dipping sauces.  However, the calamari itself was really overcooked and rubbery.  The hubby had a pasta dish which he thought was pretty good.  But it's hard to screw up a basic rigatoni and red sauce. I ordered the eggplant napoleon.  The description sounded fantastic: eggplant, portabello mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, balsamic vinegar; all my favorites.  It arrived with a beautiful presentation (see pic) so I was really excited to try this dish. The actual flavors really fell short.  Vegetables were overcooked, cheese filling was bland, and the sauce was oily.  The dish just didn't pop.\n\nOverall, I liked the cool, modern vibe of the place.  Though the electronic music got really old.  It ranged from some songs that were kind of techno jazz background music to some songs that were sort of like acid house music.  It was weird.  Other than that its a comfortable, cool place and I would consider giving them another chance if there weren't so many other better options in the area.
Pretty disappointed.  First, not many inspiring choices. Second, they brought out our entrees one at a time where we then waited to eat our food until we got all three entrees.  That's where the waiter failed to tell us that my third entree was not entered or the cook failed to throw it in grill. Nonetheless, we waited at a minimum of 25 minutes before we actually brought all three entrees together to eat dinner. Won't go back.
The 4 cheese ravioli was great but the service was awful. The menu items were pretty pricey as well.
I ate here today, Saturday, at around 1:30pm. The service was good but a little slow. I was not impressed by the menu. The salad bar peaked my interest so I went with that but it turned out to be ok. Yes, just ok. Aside from the typical veggies, lettuce, and salad dressing there really wasn't much else. A few pre-made salads like beat salad, couscous, mushroom salad. Fruits that really kind of tasted funny. No cottage cheese! No pasta salad or Greek salad. Soup of the day was an extra $9.50 , in addition to the salad bar which was already $18.50. I have no desire to return here. Really did not feel like I got the money's worth.
Normally I don't review places like this but as it was important for our trip to come here, I figured I would post a review. My friend was in from out of town and we made an impromptu trip to Vegas for the weekend. He didn't have any dress clothes so we lender him clothes but we still had no dress shoes so we didn't plan on going clubbing. We ended up getting on the guest list for pure at Caesars (read my review) and we needed to get him dress shoes. We came here and got a nice pair for $30 and now he has a pair to leave in town for if we make another impromptu trip. The selection is standard with every other Ross I have been to so it didn't seem anything special, but the reason I rated it 2 stars is because of the staff. Checkout takes forever because the cashiers take their sweet time to check stuff out and they only have 4 check stands open for the line of like 25 people. And then they work slower than molasses flowing uphill. It took us like 30 minutes to finally get checked out\n\nIt works out if you are in a snag and need to get something, but leave time to get your stuff cause it will take you a while
Thin walls.\nterrible view from the dirty window, \nrooms FAR away from the elevator,\nno refrigerator in the room, \nloud vacuum from the maids, \nTook forever for the toothpaste to arrive.\nun friendly staff when you check in, I'm the guest remember?\n\nfree wifi? its really NOT free if you're charging your guest $22.00  a night for a \""resort fee\""\nWHAT A SCAM!!!
A little burger joint inside LVH. Came to grab just a small snack before a big dinner. \n\nDad ordered some wings, mom ordered fries, and I ordered this Asian salad with noodles. \n\nMy mom's fries were really warm, actually a little gross warm, and when we called over the waiter, before even saying anything, he says, \""Are the fries warm? Let me go get you another batch.\"" o.O If you knew the fries were going to be warm, why would you serve them! Lol. \n\nMy salad was actually not bad at all. It was more of a cold noodle dish than anything.
Good pawn shop a lot of items at high prices of course general manager Paul was rude most likely won't be returning simply for the lack of respect
As a local place i really want this place to be better than it is. Its decent but cant even say its good. There food is consistently decent never good/great. Service is so inconsistent.  Some servers are great some are simply awful. \n\nI just watched our waitress stop by the table directly next to us 4 times b4 she came back to check how our food was. By the time she came back to check how the food was i was already finished and my plate was taken by the bus boy. Well if you came by earlier you would have know the side of turkey sausage patties was terrible (btw the menu says links). The links use to be some of the best i had, the turkey patties are not even edible.  \n\nI may stop in for lunch or dinner when a desperate last minute decision comes up but other than that ive given up on this place. They have gone down hill and fallen off the cliff.
I was walking by and decided that I wanted a tea. \n\nI wanted a Chai Latte, so I walked in and asked for a Chai, I forgot to use the word Latte, no questions were asked, so I assumed I was getting a Chai latte, I assumed wrong. \n\nI got a cup with hot water and a tea bag floating in it that wasn't mixed, no sugar, no milk and they didn't ask me if I wanted any of that, or tell me where the counter was to go get it, I understand this might be alright for regulars who know where everything is.\n\nSo I managed to find the counter where the milk is supposed to be and there was no milk, not knowing there was another counter. Another customer saw me walking around aimlessly and told me that there is another counter, so I walked over took the cap off the top of my cup and there was water filled to the top, I had to dump some of it out to get some milk in there.\n\nI know it was my fault for not ordering the right thing, but they could've mixed my tea and not filled it to the top and told me where the milk was!
Am I the only one seeing all the flies at the deli counter?!\nI really don't like this location. I always see flies, I can't get used to the layout, There's no Kids Korner, check out conveyor belts are usually dirty. \nThe location at 67th and Beardsley is awesome! Super clean, never saw a fly. Number system at the deli counter, Starbucks, and a  Kids Korner with stellar employees.
Waiter was pleasant and entertaining.  Seafood chowder was hot and had lots of fish. Meat was three out of five.  Overall the food was warm although the sauces for the steaks were cool and the plates were cold.   We were among the last customers and actually got locked in the restaurant because all the staff went home after we tipped a generous 20%  Eventually someone from the kitchen let us out the side door.  It is one of the few restaurants open in the area on a Sunday evening.
Tonight we decided to bring dinner to my family for watching our son. We stopped at the Fry's signature at Shea & Tatum and just couldn't find anything. So we stopped here. I'm familiar with A.J's, but I can't say I'm a regular per say. I was highly disappointed with the prepared food selection-they didn't offer much. We decided on to get the chicken parm made with sun dried tomatoes, a warm pasta salad with cheese and vegetables, a couple slices of pork tenderloin and one slice of pizza...totaling up at $36. Wholly cow!  \n\nOverall, food was mediocre.\n\nThe good - I liked the pizza and the chicken was very tender and flavorful. The service was great. \n\nThe bad-pork was dry with no flavor. Then the price, We paid over $16 for two chicken beasts and no sides - I've had better and more for around the same price , with service!\n\nI think I should have taken the family out to dinner for the quality and the price we paid!
Target is always preferred over Wal-Mart in my book, even if they are a bit pricier.  I really like shopping at Target because they are one of the few stores who not only will accept 'Target' coupons, but will allow you to pair those with manufacturer's coupons.  With pairing these coupons, you can get some major savings on a lot of great brands.  \n\nNow, that being said, my problem with this particular Target is that the cashiers make you feel like a total a-hole for using coupons.  They act like they just can't be bothered with their busy day of ringing up thongs, dog food & pregnancy tests.  I actually had a supervisor refuse to take my coupons on one shopping trip.  She said the register wouldn't take them without even trying to ring them up.  Needless to say, I was not a happy customer.  So, while I like Target in general - this particular store can suck it!
This place is nothing like the Korean BBQ here in Chicago. I was very disappointed which is saying a lot for a person such as myself. I am rarely picky, but La Maison Bulgogi was not that great. \n\nThe service was too much for me. It wasn't that they were unfriendly, but when I go to Korean BBQ, I like to grill my own food at the table. The waiter kept coming to the table to turn our meat and take it off. We ~a group of four~ had two seasoned cooks at the table. We neither wanted nor asked for help cooking. \n\nIn previous experiences eatting Korean BBQ, the workers changed the grill often so that it didn't stick and reduce the flavor in the meats. Here, they did not change the grill. \n\nWhen they brought the side dishes out. They only brought out 4 or 5 dishes where I am use to 10 to 15 side dishes. This was very disappointing. \n\nAnother aspect that disappointed me was their lack of selections for people who are vegetarians. I understand that Korean BBQ is geared towards meat, but some people may want to bring a friend who is not a meat eater. \n\nOverall, the experience was not a pleasant one.
Went here as part of a package that came with Rock of Ages tickets. Hard to find, far away from the Rock of Ages theatre.  VERY LOUD with suboptimal service and uncomfortable seating.  Huge ok-flavored burgers with giant piles of tasty fries, so if you are the size of a lumberjack you will be happy. The \""cost\"" for four people with sodas was marked as $85.00.  With so many other dining choices around in the Palazzo, would skip this.
My son and I told our server we were going to put some nickels in the juke box.  Less than two minutes later we returned to our seats which had been cleared of our meal, our souvenir movie cups put in the trash, and new people seated at our seats.  The server handed me my bill and said sorry, bus boy took your stuff.  The manager was nice about it and refunded our meal, gave us a coupon for a free burger.  My son thinks it is fun so we will go back but be warned, don't leave your seat even if you let your server know.  You could end up losing more than your movie cups!
I like this place for the stuff they have for the house and inexpensive clothes for the gym.  Then I get sucked in by the whole \""Kohl's Cash\"" thing - they give you 10 bucks to spend at another time for every 50 you spend that day - and it's a vicious cycle.  After combining coupons with store sales, my receipt always says \""You've saved [enter some ridiculous amount here] today\"", but the original prices of things are so laughably high that even to pay the sales price in this place, you're overpaying!   And this store is always a madhouse - even outside of the holidays - and the lines move sooo slowly.  I need an intervention; I have to break the Kohl's cycle.  I waste too much time in line here for stuff that's not even worth it.
Meh. Went here after a Suns game recently... Decent beer selection. Food was underwhelming all-around.  Even the onion rings were funky.  I will likely not be stopping in here for food in the future when there are such good options nearby.  Stop in for beers, maybe!
Postino has nice food, but the lack of parking necessitates that you use a valet which I really dislike. Plus it is so noisy that it is hard to be heard. The trendy people all coiffed and pretty means that people ARE noticing whether or not you are in Gucci's or something you got from Marshall's. On the plus side, there ARE loads of  \""pretty people\"" to oogle. :) \n\nThere are many nice places to eat in this part of town that have less attitude, ample parking and where you can actually have a nice conversation.
Okay, what the H E double hockey sticks. This place has good food. For the price, for \""fast food\"". Go maybe twice a year for a long time. The Breadsticks/ sauce they bring to the table are the best. Love their red sauces. I've had calamari; it was good. The service is just...weird. It can be okay, it can be fast, but it's usually lax.\n\nThis last time our waiter told us not to order certain things, after trying to upsell us on the Fruti de Mar. At this point I'm not trusting in the freshness of mussels and clams, yet. Nice try, though. My friend ordered tortellini with vodka sauce. Our waiter said, \""no, you shouldn't order that.\"" Um...okay. Though they regarded against it, the pairing was good, she said.\n\nThere was a man playing music, which was a nice touch. Except all we could hear was \""Ya'll gonna make me lose my mind...up in here, up in here.\"" DMX rap booming through the kitchen walls. I mean, it was too loud,\n\nFound out a lot of details about the business that customers really don't need to know. It was a lot of TMI, I won't go I to too many details but I do believe the wait time problem for order outs because the server said that the do deliveries while serving tables understaffed.  Kinda hard to fill waters if you are driving an order somewhere.\n\nIt's sad that I can't give them more stars for their food, because the service is so...strange. I hope they can keep up their food quality, get less managers (maybe one GOOD one) and more well trained servers to turn things around.
My friend and I first came here in August before seeing The Strokes at The Chealsea and we loved our meal so much we decided to come back this week before going to see Imagine Dragons at The Joint over at the Hard Rock. During our first visit I ordered the Turkey sliders and an Oreo shake so of course it was delicious, can't go wrong with a classic meal. However during this visit, I was highly disappointed in the price we paid for our meal. For this round I ordered the Turkey burger because I hadn't eaten at all that day and more for the fact I wanted to try something different, I also ordered the Pecan Cheesecake shake off the menu to try something new. When the shake came, sure it tasted delicious for the first minute but then I realized it wasn't a shake, just a bunch of milk as the taste of pecan and cheesecake disappeared by each sip and more and more milk & whip cream came to taste even after dumping it in the silver cup of seconds. I had wished I got the oreo shake but it was too late. While waiting for our burgers I decided to start munching on the complimentary seasoned popcorn which was so delicious that when they messed up and put the goat chedder cheese on my burger instead of the regular cheedar cheese, I filled myself up with popcorn, that \""milkshake\"" and water so by the time my fresh better tasting burger came out, I was full and didn't even want it anymore. Maybe this review will get 4 or 5 starts on my third visit however right now I can only give 1 star to the waitress who provided excellent customer service and 1 star to the free popcorn. At least I know next time just to stick with the same old turkey SLIDERS and oreo shake....hopefully they still taste good.
Congratulations Alaska Airlines. After not allowing me to check in online you denied me a ticket because I was one minute past the cutoff. I fly all over the world and this happens occasionally but I have never been denied. So I will sleep in the airport tonight when a bit of caring by your personnel could have avoided this. I have flown with you whenever possible but never again.\nMy fault for not knowing the shuttle uses were dedicated to specific terminals
When we first checked in we got a standard room and I had to call and complain. The water in the sink smelled strongly of sulphur. The room itself smelled like heavy perfume. Someone punched a hole in the bathroom door. There was a lot of paint rubbed off throughout the room. My biggest issue was all the smells. We called and they quickly \""upgraded us\"" to a \""view room\"". This room was just as shabby with all the rubbed off paint, but at least it didn't smell as bad so we didn't complain. \nI don't know if all the rooms are this bad or if it's just the South Tower or the corner of the hotel we were in, but omg the sound of the wind was unbelievable. We could hear the wind from down the hall and it sounded like our window was open or broken but neither was the case. The sound of the wind in that room was loud enough to wake us up intermittently. In addition, the A/C was incredibly loud as well. Together with the wind noise it was out of control.\n\nI would pay more and stay elsewhere, the newer tower of the Golden Nugget was far nicer than even the \""view room\"" here.
Palms Place is a perfect place for those who do not want to overspend on their hotels, but still want a modern, chic interior. This makes Palms Place a popular place for college students or younger group of people. That means more party, more noise, and more drunk ass people going loco in their hotel room and in the hallway, which inevitably transfers into your room. When I saw the pictures online and the reviews, it was too good to be true for the price. $200 for a One bed room suite, 1200 sq. feet? The only downside was that it is located off the Strip, but it wasn't even that far, so I assumed that this will be a great deal. But, that wasn't the only downside. I discovered many upon my arrival. The concierge and the entire hotel staff was unfriendly, in comparison to all the other resorts and hotels in Las Vegas. The lady who checked us in was so unfriendly it got to be a point where she got mad at me for asking if there are any higher up suites (I thought she was gonna beat my ass). Her and her colleagues uniformly were unhappy to be working as they spoke in a monotone with the facial expression equivalent to the guy who just got all-ined and lost at the high limit poker. They looked like they needed a day off. Or may be the whole year off. I got off the elevator, which was packed with bunch of reckless college kids, who were f-ing the heck out of their lungs and got off the floor. As we walked to our room, we saw the scratched walls, which seemed scraped and damaged. It was pretty much the same until we reached our suite on the end of the hall. When we reached our door, we saw several dents and small damages on the door and sensed that this room must have been partied out before came. When we walked into the door, the room smelled a bit strange. It was a mixture of strange smell that has been covered by heavy usage of air sprays. We walked around and saw a considerable amount of dust in the corners of the room and on the tables. I came to the conclusion that the room hasn't been thoroughly cleaned. The wooden floors squeaked every time I walked over and the TV in the living room wasn't functioning. Two light stands didn't turn on and the closets fumed dust when I opened them. The shower doors are so amazingly designed that after I took a shower, the entire room was flooded with water and I came to find that the plastic seal that was supposed to seal the water from going out has been lifted. I can only assume that this fixation has been done by man force.The highlight of our stay came when our doors were knocked with power slams and loud noises from outside that irritated us with maximum impact. During the entire stay, we could not find any (NOT ONE) friendly hotel workers. I had to wait and get my own taxi multiple times, and I had to correct the hotel staff who overcharged me by 30 dollars only to get by without any apology.  \n\nBut then again, I get what I pay for right? At least, I got a big room with one working TV and the other one just for looks. If you are looking for a hotel without a casino, I highly suggest Vdara. And if you are looking for a less expensive choice, there are far better options for you to choose from, such as Mandalay Bay, and TheHotel, then Palms Place. If you care about service and the crowd and are sensitive to such issues, you will have to consider your options.
First I want to say that I love the variety of items at this store and have made a purchase in the past. I am prompted to write this review after a phone call to inquire about a item today. All I wanted to do was to find out whether or not they had a particular item in the store before me or my family made the hour long drive to the store. Whoever answered the phone would only tell me that they would not ship the item  when I asked if they carried the brand (ummm... I never asked you to ship it). Then the person would not even tell me if the particular  item was available in the store. I don't understand. It would have been a $100 purchase. Do you not care about how you treat customers over the phone, do you have a poor record of your stock or what is it???????  If you were busy, I would have been more than willing to call you back, but you specifically told me that you would not tell me if you had it when I asked you.\n\nObviously my family and I will not be making the trip to your store just to see whether or not you have the item in stock after this. That is poor customer service!
This place has a lot of shoes,  you will find something just look. But their customer service is horrible! !!! All the girls do is stand by the register and don't try and help. You shouldn't have to search for five minutes to find someone.  And when you do,  they act like they don't want to help. They just like to stand in the front and talk to each other. They really need to work on their customer service.
Extremely unreliable. Used this company for about six weeks. I never knew when they would show up, and quite often it was an hour before dark so they would have to come back another day to finish. \n\nThe winter lawn was a disaster. Don't know what variety seed they used, but I used more than double the water of previous years, and it barely came up. After two weeks with almost no grass sprouting, I bought a bag of seed at Home Depot and did it myself.\n\nOther issues included blowing debris into bushes to pile up instead of raking and throwing away, simple trimming requests ignored, etc.\n\nAfter not seeing Mike for THREE WEEKS and assuming he was not coming back, I gave up and hired a new service. Then out of the blue he showed up one evening and started working again. I let him know I had found someone else.
I don't know if \""thrift store\"" really describes this unique little chain (there are three stores in the Chicago area, one in Minneapolis, and I wouldn't be surprised if the next one opens in Portland or Seattle).  Ragstock is a fun store to wander through.  They pick up very random lots of overstock, used clothing, and....other stuff, and sell it cheap. There's really nothing expensive here.  It's really hard to walk two feet in this big cluttered three level store without saying, out loud, \""What the..?\""  Well, it's really tight, so it's actually kind of hard to walk two feet in this store, period. I can't quite describe how entertaining it is to shop here, you really need to come with a friend, and a sense of the absurd.  There's lots of absurd in here, and on clearance prices.  \n      So let's see, what have I bought here recently?  A couple of peculiar hats, a black tuxedo shirt (they actually had tuxedo shirts for $15 in 6 different colors other than white, 6 different colors of tuxedo shirts? Yes, six different colors of tuxedo shirts) , a book bag made out of Nepali rice sacks, a used Japanese minor league baseball jersey, some thick union-suit style long underwear (kind of an adult size onesie), a Korean war era gas mask (long story), and a purple bow tie for my cat (who didn't like it and tore it to shreds but it only cost me a buck).  The young, personable and helpful staff, for the most part, actually know what's in this strange store and where to find it, in spite of a constantly shifting inventory.  The staff here are about as unlike the jaded, synthetically friendly oppressed automatons found at big corporate chain retail clothing stores as you'll find, and that alone is refreshing. \n    This is an excellent place for hipsters, those who love irony, people with any kind of sense of humor, tourists visiting Madison, if you need a costume, ska musicians, parents visiting their costly college students (whatever they want in here won't set you back much, and there's lots of conversation starters in here), 50-year olds looking for the sports jacket they wore in 1976, theater people, protesters looking for their rights (you won't find your stolen rights in here, but you can find some cheap gloves and warm hats so you can protest a little longer, and some antique Nixon era ironic buttons that have renewed relevance), and anyone who needs a disguise.  \n    Close to both the campus and the capitol.  Very crowded just before Halloween.
This is my favorite park that i have been to so far in las vegas! It is just beautiful! Hiking, awesome kids playgrounds, perfect for picnics, birthday parties & any other kind of family outings. I could spend all day at Explorations Park with my family and it would always be a great day to remember!
Went to breakfast here on a Sunday morning.. Took about 15 minutes to get seated which wasn't bad at all because there was a long line! Got the Chocolate Chip Banana Hotcakes (they were awesome if you like chocolate and bananas which i do) and a Spinach Feta omelet with the home fries (soooo good). Our waitress was attentive and kept checking on us even though the place was full. Cash only keep in mind. And another problem is the lack of space between you and the table next to you. (barely enough room for the server to get by)
I had a Groupon that was ready to expire and gathered up some coworkers to head on down and try American Roadside. Most of our group wasn't even aware of it's existence prior to lunch, but I had been meaning to give it a try for a while. \n\nWhen we got there, I was convinced to give the Roadstar (a quadruple-cheeseburger) a try. I'm not a huge burger toppings person, but I do like a bit of heat and added some chipotle sauce and roasted jalapenos. The burger came with a drink which was nice, and I also grabbed an order of tots and added an order of Cinnabolts (little cinnamon doughnut type things) since I still had a $1 to spend for my Groupon.\n\nI thought my burger was tasty. It wasn't the best burger in town but was about the same quality as a burger from Five Guys. The tots were good and crispy but nothing special (not as good as Bad Daddy's). The one thing our group did notice was that the jalapenos on the burgers actually had some heat, which is pretty rare for a burger topping and we were all impressed. Speaking of heat, another member of our party ordered the hot wings and after dismissing the girl at the counter who said they were \""really hot\"", discovered that she wasn't kidding. He managed to eat them all but by the end he was hurting. He said they were the real deal, and next time he would likely split the order and get 5 hot and 5 BBQ.\n\nTo sum it up, A.R. is a decent alternative to 5 Guys for a quick relatively cheap burger with the added bonus of have options for the non-burger eaters in your group. Also their house beer was pretty decent for a $2 brew. Everyone in our group agreed that they would give it another shot despite the long walk for us.
The service (by the wonderful Lauren) was great, and the drink choices were strong and cheap. $4 for a \""Mad Lauren\"" which only took two for me to feel it the rest of the night is better than an $8 shot on Mill. The people were interesting, and the owner extremely nice! Yeah we stood out like sore thumbs because we were college kids, but no one even cared. How can you beat it? Chill atmosphere, good cheap drinks, and great tunes all night long. Pretty sure our next ladies night wel'll skip Mill and come here instead! And did I mention the best after hours bar pizza I've ever had? Yeah, there's that too!
Great tasting cannoli! A little pricy for the size though. Good as a one off desert when out with family/friends.
Great little spot. We stop in after going to the Y to grab some empanadas, and sometimes they have candy from Venezuela that we love. The people are wonderful....I always feel welcome. Last time I had an arepa sandwich con pollo y avocado. WOW! It was great....When we go to parties and need to bring a dish, we order 20-30 empanadas to take with us....nice presentation, and delicious. Great little place to stop by! \n\nMike and Carolina...
Really great delicious and yummy breakfast food.  I had their veggie benedict served on a bagel and it was fantastic.
$10 per month....no contract!!! Also, the TVs built into the cardio equipment makes \""treadmill time\"" a little more bearable. Not lovin' the purple and neon green scheme they got hapnin, but its worth putting up with to have to get locked into one of those deceptive, heavy handed contracts that fuggup yer credit and haunt your existence.
I'm not sure if the deal's still going, but La Paz used to have a half off margarita night. Since their margaritas are awesome, this makes going a priority. You have to. \n\nIt's a little bit off the beaten path, which I like.\n\nI'd say the signature dish here is the fish tacos, which is all anyone I've gone with has ordered. Definitely try them--lightly-battered white fish with all the fixings, served authentic Baja-style, which is delicious. \n\nGreat intimate environment, so good for dates or even some just cervezas with friends.
pain-free check in, we were allowed to waive the resort fee (saving us $25 a day), we were given spa access for free, and asked for my friends room and mine to be close together...they were super accommodating with everything...room was nice and clean and service was nice...the only reason I took off a star was for one thing that might be minor to others but it really pissed me off...we were located on the venezia tower close to the elevator and the ice machine was all the way on the other side of the floor...our room was number 415 and the ice machine was in the 600s....literally all the way on the other side of that big ass floor.
My work place rented out for a tradeshow gathering. The place is lovely on the inside. So new it doesn't smell like piss in the corners. Nice thing to enjoy at a club. I sat most of the night, never a good idea to act a fool around your boss. But, I was impressed. I felt like the girls working could have been a bit more polite to our guests but, for the most part they were quick with drinks and not wearing much. Most of the team enjoyed that. \n\nWouldn't mind going again... without my company!
Sushi Combo B. Solid choice and value for lunch.
Why, oh why did it take me so long to grab a beer with you Brass Ring?\nYou're woody. \nYou're expansive. \nYou're hip.\nYou have an awesome music venue next door!\n\nNot certain why I didn't cross East Wash sooner, the place is practically in my front yard, but I'm glad I did. Some friends found it easy to have conversation even though the place was hopping, and there's a decent selection of brews.
I love Panera in general and like this location. \n\nI've been on a low carb kick for a log while and it's pretty hard to eat here when you're on a low carb diet. Since  I completed my marathon, I've been indulging a bit. I love the Fontega Chicken with either creamy tomato or broccoli cheddar soup (Pick Two). There are many great options though. However, how is the big kids Grilled Cheese adult priced? \n\nThis location gets busy but not so busy that you can find a seat. The people are friendly as well. All-in-all, a great spot to east lunch and a decent place for an early dinner.
Only open for breakfast and lunch, Hero Factory caters to the downtown Phoenix lunch crowd with humongous, top of the line hero sandwiches. With veteran deli owners Nicole Dorio and Jay Friedman, quality and freshness are high while the prices are low. Hero only uses Boar's Head meats and cheeses, which you've probably seen before in the expensive side of the grocery store meat counters. This makes all of the difference in quality comparison to the places, left unnamed, who sell $5 subs. You'll notice the difference! Then there is the bread! Covered with toasted sesame seeds, the toothsome bread has a light bagel texture, slightly chewy while remaining tender. No wonder since the bread is sourced from our own local Chompies bakery.\n\nWhen you set foot inside the first thing you're going to notice is the smell. A mixture of onions, meat and tomato sauce fragrances permeate the air inside causing an instant and raging hunger. The deli counter is broken up into 3 different areas, each more moth watering then the next. The first case is filled with all sorts of delectable salads and desserts. Then there is the meat and cheese case, where the owners slice the meat to order whether for a sandwich or by the pound. Then there is the hot section which has steaming hot dishes of deli classics like sausage and peppers and meatballs, the fantastically overwhelming smell was quickly fingered. \n\nOrdering can be a bit tough due to the fact that everything sounds so wonderful. Signature Heroes both cold and hot, wraps, salads and sides make up the large and straight forward menu. Place your order at the counter, pay, then grab a seat and you'll be called when its ready. Once this process is started you can watch as your meat is sliced and your sandwich assembled. Ive always enjoyed watching my food prepared, you can learn so much for your own kitchen. Yes, Ive already ordered my very own meat slicer so I can do this at home on the weekends when Hero is closed.\n\nThe heroes at Hero are big, thick and piled heavy with meat, cheese and toppings. 2 big eaters can easily share 1 hero sandwich and a side no problem. Being the big bear that I am I did barely manage to finish one by myself and was quite miserable for sometime after that. Fortunately parking in downtown Phoenix is kind of spread out so a nice walk afterwards will really help out. The easiest method would be to park in mid town then take the light rail to the Hero Factory, it runs right by.\n\nWith so many heroes to chose from I went ahead and put my trust in the owner Jay. He immediately tells me that his favorite hero is the Manhattan ($7.95). Anything with \""man\"" in it has to be good, right? A thick stack of roast beef piled high on toasted garlic bread all covered with melted mozzarella cheese. This sandwich was in its most pure form, no veggies and sauces to get in the way, just the simple flavor of good meat, cheese and bread. When he came to check on his sandwich I asked for some Russian dressing for a bit of a variation, this single element added that extra dimension that turned the Manhattan from good to great! Their Russian dressing is some of the best I've had. They really should bottle and sell this dressing, can't wait to try it on a salad! Of course the owner is going to know what's best to eat off of his menu. It was great that he didn't say the generic phrase, \""everything is good on the menu\"".\n\nTaking matters in my own hands, next up was the Crackerjack ($7.95). While not as anti-holiday as I was looking for this one was simply fantastic! Thin sliced cracked pepper turkey, oozy melted pepper jack cheese then dressed with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and their amazing Russian dressing. Each bite of the spicy turkey and cheese was a hard contrast to the sweet flavors of the holiday; this one definitely has some heat to it. If something all American is more your liking, then the Patriot ($7.95) will be a home run! Roast Beef, turkey, ham and American cheese topped with lettuce, tomato and onion. You can never go wrong with the basics at Hero.\n\nWhat's a deli without trying some of the home made salads? The cheese and bacon tortellini salad ($1.75 1/2lb) was so creamy, smoky and tender, one taste was not enough. In fact this one was so good I didn't want to share with my table mates. The deli case also had a tomato and mozzarella salad ($1.75 1/2lb) that was perfectly dressed with balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Each cherry tomato exploded with sweet tangy flavor contrasted by the balsamic coated mozzarella, delightful.\n\nThe hours at Hero are limited to weekday mornings and afternoons which may be the only drawback to his location. Since the light rail is moving finally and more businesses are opening downtown, perhaps the hours will include a Saturday? I sure hope so, I really love this place!
Yucca is one of the best places to see local bands - no cover, cheap drinks and cool atmosphere. It gets a little crowded, but it only enhances a live performance experience if the band is good.
This place can be hard to find because it's tucked away in the Agua Caliente strip mall area off of Shea, but it's back there.  I usually just run in for some bagels, and they are always fresh - my favorite is definitely the sunflower one!  On Saturday and Sunday mornings it can be a little chaotic up at the front counter because they don't do a line or numbers, but the wait is never long.  \n\nOnly gripe is that I usually grab a coffee, and although they have creamer and flavored syrup available (a plus!), there's no milk.    No biggie, since I'd much rather support local businesses than a large chain.
Very swank place, I love the communal tables, it makes the place non pretentious and chill. It would be nicer if the people that sat with you were friendly - ours weren't. We see you staring at our food, and we're looking at yours too - might as well be friendly right? \n\nI love small plates as it allows you to try a bunch of stuff versus just eating 1-2 things. Their food is contemporary and I love the flavor combos. It freaks you out at first but once you bite down it's sensory overload. The main courses were solid and perfectly portioned. They had a great wine list and the cocktails were awesome!\n\nMy only complaint? That chalkboard gets hard to read, so it would be nice if they could provide the table with some sort of menu. I have eyes like a hawk - thanks Lasik! - but I still had trouble reading some of the things on the far end of the board due to the low lighting and the chalk dust on the board. \n\nDefinitely will come back when I'm in town.
This place was recommended to me by a friend who lives in an apartment nearby.  The bar is tucked away off of Sharon Lakes Rd, so it seemed like it wouldn't be very popular.  When I stepped inside I was shocked to see so many people gathered around the bar, pool tables, and the karaoke stage.  \n\nI love to sing karaoke when I have the chance, but I arrived at around midnight and the employee running the stage explained that the list was already delayed by about fourty-five minutes.  Apparently, the people who perform are die-hard regulars, so it is beneficial to arrive by at least eight o' clock on a Saturday night.  \n\nMy friends and I grabbed some stools at the bar and watched the performers carry tunes.  Most of the folks who sang were just there to goof around and have a good time (which is what its all about), but an older guy approached the stage to sing Alice Cooper and he was decked out in black eyeliner and skin-clad leather pants.  I almost fell to the ground in hysteria!  He hit every note lick for lick.  I couldn't help but imagine what this guy does on his free time.  \n\nThe scene was very entertaining and there really wasn't any drama around.  Even if you are afraid of karaoke, I would suggest that you try this place out, all the guest are amiable and warm.
Delightful interior with Mardi Gras/Bourbon Street murals and a giant jester statue inside.  Bar area merges into the restaurant area.  Upstairs seating overlooks downstairs like a outdoor balcony looking down on a street cafe.  Mojitos, chicken and sausage Jambalaya, and sweet potato fries are good, as are the po'boys.  The food is not that spicy; more on the bland side when one thinks of Cajun.
Perty good pizza. My boyfriend's family says it's their favorite pizza in the area - easy to see why!
We had breakfast here. I had the country fried steak, my wife had the crab cake florentine. Both were very good. Plus they included muffins. The chocolate mousse muffin was wonderful, too.  Other items on the menu included eggs benedict, and a few kinds of quiche.  Service could have been more attentive, but it was adequate.  The manager let us use two coupons (there were four of us) rather than having to sit at separate tables.  That's good customer service.\n\nWe did not eat lunch this time, but I did look at the lunch menu.  It had a variety of dishes available from simple stuff like a burger, salads, and au jus, to \""fancier\"" dishes like quiche and pot pie, and salmon and parmesan chicken.  It's not a high-end bistro, but for what it is it is good.\n\nAlthough the setting is casual, their menu is more extensive than similar places with some different dishes one normally doesn't find.  I anticipate we'll be returning to try more of their dishes.  And definitely buy some of those chocolate mousse muffins!!
Whether you are looking for a good sports bar and burgers (in the front of the restaurant) to great dry aged steaks and seafood (in the back of the restaurant), the All American Bar and Grille is a must inside the Rio.\n\nThe visit is well worth the drive away from the Strip. While you are there, visit the Wine Cellar for a great bottle of wine (reviewed).
This place is great fun. During the EZ/Happy Hour they have 'one dollar sign' worthy food, and even cheaper drinks. \n\nI got the FEZ burger with a side of sweet potato fries. The fries were decent but they are served with a creamy sauce that is fantastic. They'd make a great snack if you were just meeting someone for some drank. \n\nThe burger was great, a nice thick slab of beef with various toppings on it, nestled into a ciabatta roll and thankfully cut in half. \n\nThe guy I was with ordered shots of rumchata mixed with fireball whiskey. So tasty. Will definitely return to this place again, hopefully during the happy hour.
So, we have been told since we moved here in July that we had to try this place. Finally. We did. We went on a Tuesday evening so it wasn't terribly busy. So we had a quaint, quiet meal with our friends. \nFirst, our Greeter. He was pleasant. He was quick. He was brief. He was almost too brief because it felt like he took us to our table and left. However, never rude just brief.\nOur Server, she was AWESOME! She made the whole experience to be GREAT!! She was attentive, she was quick, she was pleasant, she was interactive and she was funny and fun!\nNow for the edibles. I ordered the sea bass and it was very good; notice that I didn't say great? It was just very good. Presentation was good. Prepared perfectly. Seasoned perfectly. The brussel sprouts were on point along with the bacon in it. And although I like onions, the pearl onions in the dish were a bit much; this would be my only negative part of this review. Now, the chicken noodle soup was actually the BEST part of my meal. It was PERFECT! \nSome may believe this write up is not a great one. Here's the thing, they have another restaurant called MadeLV and I actually like their food MUCH better. Not to say this is bad in any WAY, their other restaurant's food/menu seems more exciting and fun.
I like the galleria, especially the grand foyer that makes walking into the office like a presidential entrance. \n\nThe facilities are well kept, and everyone who works the center is really friendly.
Like what other reviewers said, this airport screams \""Welcome to Vegas!\""  yep... slot machines everywhere.   It's a busy airport but their straightforward and functional layout helps make the flow of people relatively smooth.
I'm not a member myself, but my mom is.   They offer a good variety of items from electronics to clothing and bulk food items.  I've purchased my netbook from here and it's still going strong (knock on wood).\n\nThere have been a lot of times that we've had dinner here - not using the samples, but either grabbing a slice of pizza, hot dog and soda (for $1.50!!!!), they also have a chicken bake - a big version of a hot pocket with the pastry and chicken all rolled up.  For a family of four to be able to eat \""out\"" with 10-12 dollars is pretty amazing (drinks included).  For a while now, we've been getting the pre-made salads that you can get in the food section in the back to be a little healthier.\n\nGas here is super cheap as well.  We always fill up here if we are in the area.  Not as good as SC gas prices, but better than regular NC gas prices.\n\nBuying bulk is always a little intimidating, but you do save in the long run.  It just takes some planning ahead, but I would definitely shop Costco rather than multiple trips to the store during a long period of time.
Yes, Julia T's review may be boring.  But, it didn't stop me from heading over to someburros.  Good thing!  She was spot on!  \n\nNothing more I can say above what J said... Take a look at her review!
i ordered their Beef Super Burrito, and it was decently yummy.  The guys who work there are super nice! I will definitely go back since it's so close to UNLV.
We came here to end our evening with a couple drinks. Some sort of special event dinner was taking place inside, so we opted to sit outside. But the restaurant space looked very modern and warm.\n\nAnyway, outside....GORGEOUS!\n\nWhat a view! What a fire pit! LOVE. The drinks weren't expecially cheap, but the view made up for it. We even met some 'interesting' people around the fire pit.\n\nDPOV is a definite must-do if you're staying in the area.
Food was great. I had the combination fried rice it was maybe the second best I've had at a Chinese restaurant first being China China which burned then closed. My wife had chicken lo mein, flavor was good wasn't dry either like some other places. Also ordered some orange chicken which was above average. \n\nThe reason why it's only 4/5 is we decided to eat at the restaurant, service was courteous but slow. Seating arrangements are pretty cramped. Next time I eat here it'll definitely be takeout.
another one of my favorite casinos to play at. Look for Jose!!! He's the best dealer, EVER!! =P \n\nI don't get to play here as much because a lot of clubbers from marquee gamble here, and they're usually drunk and don't know how to gamble so they piss me off.
Right on Duquesne's campus and a perfect place to go before a concert or Pens game at the Consol Energy Center.  It can get crowded before games/concerts so make sure to leave plenty of time. The bar is also fun to hang out at as they have great game day drink specials.  I ordered the 2nd Shift pale ale for the $3 special-the bartenders said it tasted just like Yuengling which it did.  For dinner I went with the cobb wrap which was a cobb salad (egg, cheese, chicken, tomatoes, lettuce, bacon) in a wrap. The hot bacon dressing was delicious. My date ordered the turkey club with homemade chips which he too enjoyed. My only complaint is that I ordered mashed potatoes as my side instead of fries and they charged me $1.99 extra.
Great Place, I like the International Buffet but stay away from the Seafood Buffet.
Found this place off Groupon and I am 100% satisfied I did. The hip sexy stylish salon was great to my eyes and the sweetest workers made the place so pleasant. Loved my mani pedi and I will defiantly be back!!
The griddle is the best. French toast and  waffles are great. I have tried most everything on the menu and loved it all.
I appreciate the experience of the place, but I would not come back. The place is super bright, and the pastry chefs make your dish right in front of you (if you sit at the counter). I'd also recommend people to go see the restroom, haha. \n\nAs for the desserts, we ordered the 3 course dessert and an ala carte item: mango sorbet with mint jelly, the stella, the cream puff with vanilla filling and raspberry jam and baton. I enjoy the desserts because they aren't overly sweet. I looooved the 3 course dessert. The mango sorbet definitely hit the spot, the stella was worthy and the cream puff was yummy. The baton, however, was super rich. The chocolate outside was rich, but I can stand rich chocolate (I believe it was dark chocolate). The pistachio creme, however, was way too rich for my liking. They also had this jam-like sauce between the pistachio creme and chocolate creme, and I did not like it. It tasted like alcohol to me, and I'm not a fan of alcohol. I would not order the baton again. \n\nThe perk of this place was the edible menu. I really liked it. c:
The quality of food at Brio is a pleasant surprise.  The lunch menu has a lot of variety and I probably would have been happy ordering one of 4 or 5 different things, but lasagna wins almost every time, and Brio's version is quite nice.  It comes with your choice of 3 different salads (chopped, Caesar, or house) and I was very happy with the chopped.  Far more than a boring plate of greens, and it isn't drowning in dressing.   The lasagna arrived not long after, and it's made with white sauce, meat, and the usual noodles/cheese/sauce.  I dove in and was a little sad when I took the last bite because for a second, I contemplated ordering another.  It's nicely balanced, has just a teeny tiny amount of burned edges of cheese/noodle.and the meat is moist, like a meatloaf.\n\nMimosa wasn't anything to get too excited about, but the raspberry gelato (not on the dessert tray) was the perfect amount of dessert.  Allegedly Brio may make its way to California, and I can't wait!  So much better than Olive Garden!
Man do I love Dennys!! A perfect cheep alternative breakfast instead of going to an expensive buffet or one of the Hotels restaurants. Located right on the strip by MGM and across from NY NY. \n\nIf you making the trip to Sin City and a breakfast lover on a budget. I suggest hitting up this spot.
The employees are always friendly and personable. Quick service, good value and the best fries out there! Hard to beat.
It's a pretty fun place to take your kid but I agree with some other reviewers, parents need to do a better job of watching their own children. I guess it's to be expected at places like this but still...annoying. I swear each time we come there is at least 1 unattended child that feels it's his/her mission in life to torture my child and be obnoxious. \n\nI also wonder if we get sick when we come here (seems a trend) but will continue to risk it, especially with summer coming up. It's great to have an option to get out of the house every once in awhile that doesn't involve the scorching heat like parks and splash pads do. \n\nI will add I love that the staff is always cleaning and walking around when I am there. I appreciate the effort since, let's face it, kids are kind of gross.\n\nI would give it 5 stars if it was open on the weekends even if it is cool they offer the birthday party option on the weekends.\n\nUpdate: They are now open limited hours on the weekend for an upgraded (more expensive) membership!
Although this isn't my favorite place for drinking at night, it's definitely rising to the top of my favorites for brunch.  And the reason for this is largely because pretty much everything you order comes with a side of meat or hollandaise.  I also recommend the bloody marys, the old Madison photos on the wall, and the baskets of unshelled peanuts.
Awesome $5.99 steak and eggs after 11pm. Fries were perfectly crispy outside and soft inside and well seasoned. Steak was cooked to the right temperature, but lacked a little bit of seasoning. Came at 11:30pm on a Friday night and there was no wait. Great deal, good food, and no complaint.
Smiths in North Las Vegas by Aliante Casino is a newer store, size wise fairly large with lots of variety.  It's located in a very well manicured, tree lined neighborhood. Prices are like Albertson's on Ann and Simmons, but when they have sale items, it can be a really good deal if you have a Smith's rewards card.  I stopped in here to pick up some groceries for my relatives.  I didn't have a Smith's card, so I aksed the cashier at the self serve area gave me an application.  Shoot me, but I didn't fill it out, I just took the cards and hoped it would give me the sale prices without giving away my email address - and it did.\n\nThey are open 24/7 but so is the Wal Mart neighborhood store a mile away at Ann and Simmons and Winco and the big Wal Mart nearby off the 215 west.  What makes this Smith's stand out from the two others in North Vegas is that this feels like a safer area, well maintained, and fairly well stocked, My brother who lives close to the aforementioned Albertson's prefers to come here whenever he shops.  Same with me during my at least monthly trek to visit.   \n\nThe entrance puts you right into the produce area, very bright, well laid out area.  It's not Smith's fault, but the produce in Las Vegas are mostly trucked in from LA, so they're not often that fresh.  But I really think their produce is better than most places. I often see produce employees throwing out older produce that other grocery stores keep here in V egas. This being the fall season, there were about 7 varieties of apples, 4 varieties of pears, several citrus, and the usual vegetables, including some Mexican/Asian ones like Jicama and macho/burro bananas, greens, melons, preserved fruits (cranberries and blueberries) and nuts galore. In the late fall, I see things like Concorde Pears, a rarity that tastes like the expensive mail order dessert pears but at $2 a pound.\n\nTheir meat prices were excellent this week with some rib steaks at about $4 a lb, some chicken legs/thighs at $1 a pound, and several other decent bargains. They have their in store K (Kroger) brands in sodas ($3 a 12 pack), veggies, etc. and this generic is fairlycheap compared to its name brand equivalent.  I got some Russel Stover 1 lb. candy for $7, compared to $10 retail, The had lots of vitamin supplements at 2 for 1`.  Everything was well until two fire fighters came in and did their shopping.  A few women gushed when they walked by.  It was fine with me, The women on the way to the cashiers stopped just long enough for me to pass them by and get checked out before them.  Too bad Smith's moved out of OC and LA about 20 years ago.
Yummy.  I got a crepe with mushroom and swiss cheese, soooo good.  Shared an order of sweet potato fries, only thing missing was a delicious sauce to dip them in.  I like that they have the screen up where you can watch the crepes being made for you.  They have a small stage for evening performances.  They were having a comedian that night according to the host.  Good service along with good food, can't ask for much more than that.  I will be going back to try the fondue and different crepes.
I've been to these place more than 3 times during the art walks, never had a clue about the name. I would just enjoy the beer selection. \n\nRecently a friend took me there on a week day...nice change!! Without so many people it is easier to enjoy this little but cozy place. They had one I haven't tried in other places, a blue berry beer (yes I'm into sweet ones). \n\nPeople is friendly and can guide you if you have no clue on what to order. Suggestion...improve the entrance of the place! Too shady.
My parents got tickets at half price so I tagged along. I was pleasantly surprised.\n\nThe host, Wally Eastwood, was great. Energetic and talented. The featured acts were all good. Very talented entertainers. \n\nThe theater is small which I like, because you could sit just about anywhere and see. The length of the show was perfect. I didn't like my drink. Tasted very weak, and I'm not a drinker. All in all, I had a good time.
I had an absolute blast here. Hot bartenders dressed like cowboys? Yes please. The people that go here are all really friendly and outgoing. I made several new friends in the couple of hours me and friends were there. I danced my little tushie off and thoroughly enjoyed not having to give a crap what I looked like because none of the males there were looking at me. When I went, they were playing hip-hop, though I'd love to go when they have country booming. I had a vodka red bull and a few beers and the only downfall about the drinks was that the mixed drinks are really weak. The totally fabulous drag queen that was there dragged me up on stage because it was my first time and made me dance in front of everyone which was definitely an experience. She also bought me a shot of 151, also an interesting experience that I am unlikely to repeat. I spent the night dancing, laughing, and drinking and had a great time and I am surely going to return in the near future.
Sweet tooths unite. You have four extravagant floors of just about every type of m&m-related merchandise you could think of (baby bibs, rainboots, cushions, etc), highlights going to the chocolate dispensers of course, and a cute 3D movie theatre to take a break from shopping. Choose from the more common milk chocolate m&m's to peanut-coated to more limited raspberry-coated editions. Kids were ecstatic and adults found themselves busy checking out the handbags and what looked like recycled m&m paper wallets. \n\nEven if I'm not as big on m&m's as I am with truffles, I believe m&m world offers so much more than just a sugar high. Romantics are allowed to design custom-made m&m's on the third floor where personal messages can be stamped on individual chocolate. There hasn't been a day when the place isn't busy so be prepared to squeeze through the crowd. The place's concept is simple but it serves its purpose very well. Worth a visit, especially if you have wee ones.
Desserts here are definitely delectable and decadent.  I had an old Groupon that expired but still good for the original $12 I paid to purchase it, so my friends and I came for an after-dinner snack.  Our waitress was very nice, but at first, she said I couldn't use my Groupon since they had no way of verifying whether or not I used it before.  However, the Groupon stated the original value never expired, so she spoke w/ a manager (again) and said I could use it.  Dang right!  They were able to scan it at the end anyway and verify it was good, so make sure to insist to use your expired Groupon if you are denied the first time!\n\nI got the half-sized pizza with roasted mini marshmallow and hazelnut bits ($9.75).  The thing is exactly like a pizza, except for the toppings.  My friend thought the bread was too doughy (it's just like pizza dough) and preferred it to be thinner.  It was super sweet, and we could only eat a small slice each.  I prob wouldn't get this one again.  My other friend got an Espresso Shake while the other friend ordered the Banana Hazelnut Crepe ($13.95).  The crepe was really large and super sweet as well.  It was really good, though.  I'm not a huge fan of crepes since I lean more towards crispy food than soggy, and I find crepes to usually be more of latter than former. The shake was also delicious.  You could taste a slight hint of the coffee, as it was not overpowering.  It was not thick at all, though, and more like melted ice cream.  I would have preferred it to have more of a shake consistency, which it did not at all.  \n\nPrices are pretty steep here but the desserts are more than enough for at least two people.  It's a great place to go for anyone with a sweet tooth.  The chocolate was also very good!  We had wanted to dry one popsicle dessert, but the waitress said they've been out of it for two months.  She said something about how their chocolate (or the popsicles) is made in Israel or something crazy like that.  We had no wait on a late Sat night.
Lost the nut holding my front brake in place. Made a quick trip to Landis. The service was fast and friendly. They even had to cut the nut to size. In the end it only cost me a couple of bucks.\n\nAs a freebie, they adjusted my brakes. \n\nVery good experience. Will return.
The space is very nice, brighter than Montmartre but still cozy and comfortable.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but it was a bit loud making it difficult to hear.\n\nThe \""brick chicken\"" was very good (a tiny bit heavy on the salt) and served quickly.  Very satisfying.  We tried just one cocktail (#4) which was oddly neither here nor there. It was somehow both strong and bland.\n\nThe service was pleasant and friendly.  They did seem a little confused at the bar trying to figure out who ordered what.  You'll be happy to hear that the (male) bar staff all either have, or are actively working on achieving the de rigueur ole tyme facial hair (no tweed though).
Picked up two pies for a Superbowl party. Should have gotten three, they were gone too fast. Great flavor with the perfect amount of sauce. A chewy crust that is begging for the fold-over....NY style. \n\nWish they deliver, but even so, the best traditional pizza I have found in the desert. Even better is to stop in for a slice. When they reheat the slices they get and even better finish on the crust.
We came here for some crepes and waffles. They were completely amazing! Low prices, and large portions. The only disappointing thing about this visit was the break in times between serving the food.
oddly enough, of all the giant eagles i have visited in pittsburgh, this is the only location that carries the toothpaste that i've used for most of my life (outside of pittsburgh). the location is clean and the staff are friendly.  i sometimes resent having a market district being the closest giant eagle to my apartment, as many of the items that i buy there are severely overpriced. but whenever i run out of groceries and toothpaste at the same time, i take the hike down to waterfront to shop here, although they may not carry all the groceries that i'd like.
This place has been a long time coming.  It is damn near impossible for me to make it out to Avondale, ever, but we finally did last weekend and the first thing that sprang to mind was going here.  So very glad we did.\n\nI ordered the chicken & sausage jambalaya and a sweet tea.  Their tea was pretty good, the jambalaya was amazing.  The dirty rice was some of the best I've ever had and the combination of meats and spices was perfect.  Really well done.\n\nI would absolutely go back here if I ever made it out to Avondale again.  The only reason I marked them off is because of the location - far west valley, by a walmart, in a strip mall.  Too bad, downtown needs some decent southern cooking.
We were on this side of town lookin for a good place to eat. Went straight to yelp as I always do & came across this cute little 50s diner. \n\nDecor inside is pretty neat. The walls are pink, there's a juke box there (don't know if it works, paintings & pictures that's 50s related. Very cute.\n\nVariety on the menu. I decided to get the Mexican omelet. You get to choose if you want 3 or 6 eggs. Of course I picked the 3 lol. I decided to substitute the toast for biscuits and gravy. That was a good decision. They also have home made potato chips that comes with the meal which was surprisingly pretty good. \n\nBeau got the French toast special. Didn't really try it but he said it was really good. Comes with eggs and sausage or bacon. \n\nGood breakfast place to go to if your in the area! Our waitress was great too. She only came by to check on us once or twice though but we really didn't need anything.
Just love this pizza place!!! Fresh dough from Boston, great quality pepperoni, yummy sauce!!!! The taste of the crust says it all!! The people who work there are also very nice and attentive. I also like the online coupon deal that keeps the price down a few dollars. Great way to keep us coming back!! Although their prices really are reasonable!! I take all my friends and family here when we want some great pizza!! And just when you though their pizza was so great, they also have other goodies available on the menu. We've had the wing and fry basket. Delicious and decently priced!! And to top it all off they are have beer by the bottle and blue moon available!!! Love this place and will be going back for a long time!!
This is still our go-to place for groceries even though we own a Costco membership for years. We've compared prices from meats to produce to basic household items and the commissary prices are very competitive (not to mention tax-free). The produce aisle are always full with fresh vegetables, which may not always be the case in other commissaries, so Nellis definitely ranks high in my list (other top-quality commissaries include NAS San Diego and Travis AFB). However, we still go to Costco for fruits as they usually have better berries, apples, and grapes. \n\nTheir \""international\"" aisle is limited but occasionally I would find good finds, such as on New Year's eve, I was ecstatic to score a gelatinous rice flour mix so we can make \""palitaw\"" (traditional Filipino food that should be cooked when the clock strikes midnight). \n\nThe cashiers and baggers are helpful and warm. I also just want to reiterate that the baggers in all commissaries ONLY work for tips as they are not salaried employees, so please make sure you give them a few bucks when they help you take your groceries to your car.
Off the Strip - this cool place is open late until 2 am serving small plates. I had the Chicken & Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, and the Empanadas. Both were excellent plus they gave me bread and some cheese spread stuff that was good too.
Sometimesyoy get more than what you pay for--that sums it up in a nutshell. The rolls are buttery goodness. My sister and I sat in one of the wood bench rooms and ate to our heart's content.  It's simple, expected , and friendly enough to make you want to give them more business.
Just stayed here for a few days for business (close to the convention center!), and it was a good experience.\n\nWith plenty of space in my one-bedroom suite, it was nice to get away from the glitter and glitz of Las Vegas in a hotel that skipped shoving slot machines in the lobby.\n\nThe suite itself was nice with a very comfortable plush bed, plenty of pillows (each different sizes to accommodate your neck needs), a decadent spa-style tub and lots of closet and drawer space to tuck away your clothes. Service was accommodating (I was able to check out late on short notice) and nice. The downstairs convenience story was handy, if a bit inflated in pricing.\n\nBe aware the wireless can be a bit testy and slow, which if you're on a working trip can be a headache. My coworkers were staying on different floors and we all received different levels of service from the cleaning staff--I never received conditioner or lotion but did receive shampoo, one coworker received all three; I never got a refill on my coffee and had to ask for another instant pack for the coffeemaker, all my other coworkers did receive fresh coffee. Not sure what the deal was there.\n\nStill, a nice change of pace from the regular routine in Vegas, very homey-feeling, reasonably priced and easily accessible.
This is pretty little golf course! \nI generally prefer a course that doesn't have a million houses surrounding it, but there is some architectural diversity in the homes around Gainey, and the course itself is very appealing.\nI played the Dunes/Lakes rotation today (Gainey Ranch has 27 holes, which is great from both a variety and pace of play perspective).\nThe course has a nice variety of terrain and is well kept and lush. The Lakes has water in play on several holes, and requires accurate approach shots on a number of holes. The Dunes, while somewhat drier, has its own difficulties to navigate, with a number of dry washes, and desert terrain, as well as a narrowing of the landscape in the driving areas for the big hitters.\nIf you tend to leak your shots (or somewhat more than leak) this will be a difficult course on which to score well. It is hard to start a shot at a house and hope that it slides back to the right and in play!\nThe course is very well maintained and the service is first rate (it is a country club, after all). Beverage carts are plentiful and well stocked, so that adds to the fun!\nThey have a nice patio for a beer after the round, and it's a pleasant 19th hole, to sit and recount the good shots and forget the average after the round. If they would let me walk the course, it would be just about perfect!
I am a local so I have not stayed here. But, we do come here for many of the things to do here. It is always clean and what staff we do run into have been very nice. We have eaten at most of the restaurant  and have been happy. Really like the new addition Zenshin!! \nThey have a bingo hall, bowling alley and movie theater. We have been to some of the Comedy acts and other convention attractions they have. \nLots to do and not a lot of hussel from all the people on the strip.
I had the carne asada burrito. It was pretty close to the best carne asada I have ever had. The service was great and speedy. I would definitely go back!
Yesterday (4/4/2013) was the first time that I ordered products from CRSVR over the phone, but was not my first purchase with the shop. Every single time that I make my way to CRSVR it is always a great experience. The staff is not only welcoming and attentive, but also extremely knowledgable about the products that they carry. When I called to place my order I had the benefit of speaking with Jordan. He was extremely patient with me in my search for a particular pair of shoes. Ultimately, Jordan went above and beyond the (normal) service expectation when he called me when the product was available in the inventory! I am grateful for the help and definitely expect to continue supporting this shop.
I was so craving for thai foods one night in vegas.\nSo i found this rest from yelp.\nOmg, foods were so tasty, friendly staffs and rest interior looked fancy too.\nBut price of menu were expensive than you expected..i think compared to other rest in vegas, this prices were reasonable.\nI will go back if i had a chance again.
Walking distance from my house. Good food, service is great..and a nice atmosphere. Not fine dining...a nice bar hangout.\n\nI read the reviews... from some guys saying the clientele is old?Buddy, old people go out to dinner and some day you will be old.. get a life!
\""Expensive, but, it IS on the Strip\""\n\nOne of the first questions I asked our server was, \""Why are the prices SO high?\"" She said right off because they're on the strip - although you need to walk around the place into the Quad to find the entrance. As for prices, for their selections, especially the burgers, I have seen lower prices at various hotels along the Strip in Las Vegas.\n\nThe burgers: With so many options for burgers along the Strip, I have become very picky about the taste of the MEAT in the burger, rather than just all the fancy toppings that places have been putting on their burgers to entice one to order. Three of us ordered three different burgers, and surprisingly, the meat on all three tasted different, and not from the toppings. We actually talked extensively about the different tastes of the meat alone, not the burger as a whole. So, while the burgers are overpriced, they were good. Many of my Las Vegas meat experiences have been that the meat is okay, just no special flavors in the meat itself. The burgers taste came mostly from the toppings.\n\nThe fries were fries, although their standard fries that come with the burger are a mix of three - waffle, curly, and regular.\n\nDrinks - both non-alcoholic as well as the alcoholic - are very pricey.\n\nService was good.\n\nOverall it was a \""standard\"" Las Vegas establishment: pricey and themed. Although, I must say we were impressed with the quality and taste of the burger meat. (Which is why they got star #4.) However, I probably won't go back without a BOGO.
This is a very trendy yuppy place. However, that being said the food was fresh and healthy. I had the chicken pita with classic hummus.  \n\nWhat surprised me is based on previous reviews I thought this was going to be a chipotle like pita restaurant. They have a bar with beer on tap. \n\nThis atmosphere was interesting. Definitely trendy. Overall the food was not bad, but nothing that wowed me.
Very good and consistent.  Nice place to go for an inexpensive lunch.  Never in the area for dinner so I don't know how it is there, but I would think it's just as good.
I really enjoyed the all you can eat lunch.  I like to order the half rolls so that I can taste more of everything.  Cinderella roll was my favorite with a side of spicy mayo.  The items I did not like were the Japanese pizza (too soft and soggy in texture) and the scallop (I was expecting a raw scallop and instead it was small cooked pieces on top of the rice). The service was great, always keeping my green tea filled and hot.  The green tea ice cream tastes more authentic and less sweet.
The Jungle (as we call if for short) is one of my favorite places to go for a cheap, healthy, casual meal... I've been to 3 of their 5 locations (Scottsdale, Phoenix, and Tempe), and the food is consistent at all of them.  However, this Phoenix location is my favorite not only because it's closest to home, but the atmosphere is a tad nicer than the others and because the service is extremely attentive!\n\nPortions are big, and although I have my favorite items on the menu, I've enjoyed everything I've tasted at the Jungle!  The dish I consistently get for dinner is the macro platter.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I love this!  It comes with mixed beans, brown rice, fresh steamed veggies, tofu, and pita.   Add a little sracha sauce, and I'm a very happy camper!\n\nAs for other menu items that I like, the hummus is great to start.  I actually have several friends who order hummus and chicken for their entree too!  The gambas con ajo is listed as a 'starter' on the menu, but it can also be a meal!  Their honey pasta salad and their spinach pasta salads are delicious and HUGE portions.  If you like pizza, try the glazed-chicken lavosh pizza... it's my brother's favorite!  The pesto lavash turkey wrap is a good one, as is the medchilada.  Honestly, you can't go wrong...\n\nThe local artwork adds to the experience.  I warn you, once you try the Jungle, you'll become a regular :)  See you soon, Pita Jungle!
I really must do my Yelp reviews sooner.  I had a terrific lunch with Audrey W at Indian Paradise several months ago.  We opted for the buffet.  Although I cannot remember exactly what was offered, I do remember there was plenty to choose from and everything was hot and delicious.  Fresh naan was brought to our table as well.  I also remember the staff was a little too nice.  We didn't realize they close between lunch and dinner and continued to chat away after their closing time.  No one said a word and no looks were thrown our way.  In fact, we didn't realize they were closed until we went to leave and noticed the door was locked..and the restaurant was empty.  It was good conversation:)
I have probably been to DP Dough more than any other eating establishment in my life. This was mainly due to the fact that it was pretty cheap, close to my apartment, and satisfied every drunken desire that I had. Because I went there so often, I knew what worked for me and what did not work for me. I was a big fan of the Black & Blue (tastes like a burger with blue cheese), the mangus (pesto and pepperoni), the titan (pesto and pineapple), and the buffer zone (blue cheese, hot sauce, etc). There was only one or two times where I was not completely satisfied with any of these. My friends were all big fans of the Barbecue Chicken zone. I have eaten it twice. The first time I was less than satisfied because of all the hype, but the second time I was happy with my decision. For the most part, the calzones were delicious. There were a couple times where they may have been a little undercooked, but I preferred that over being burned to a crisp.\n\nAs for cons, there are times where the service is very slow. This is mainly because as a \""drunk food\"" establishment, people normally order between the hours of 1-3 AM, when this place is bumpin'. It will generally take 30-45 minutes when you order at this time to get your food so plan accordingly otherwise you will be forced to observe the happenings at Green Street Cafe. Other issues people may have with the staff. I would not say that any interaction I have had has been particularly friendly, but I always just took that as how the environment there was.\n\nDP Dough was a large part of my collegiate experience and I have no regrets about all the money that I spent there.
The food ranks with the best in Boston and  NY.  With a little decor it could be a 5 star rating. While I've had better in China, this is whole lot closer. \nChili wontons- great\nFish in spicy broth- great\nfried chicken w/ potato - excellent
Wanted a brunch place that wasn't a buffet.  This place hit the spot.  \n\nI started with some coffee, which I desperately needed to keep warm.  We were seated outside under heat lamps but with the winter wind, it was still quite chilly.  I got the turkey and egg white omelet and added Jarlsberg.  It wouldn't have been as awesome without the cheese.  Glad I remembered to add it.  Didn't even miss the yolks, but probably negated any of the health benefits of getting an egg white omelet by adding cheese...oh well.  It was yummy.  And, I had to indulge in the build your own Bloody Mary bar.  That was delish!
On a two day business trip in Phoenix, the first meal I had was a Pasty here, The Oggie to be exact, and i just kept coming back.  For two days straight, all I ate were pasties. And though I felt as if I were in love at the beginning, the relationship seemed to spiral downhill in the end. \n\n-Oggie, the original pasty, with meat, potatoes, and gravy... was excellent, and set the stage for my obsession. \n-Italian was pretty decent as well, something like a more homemade type of pizza hot-pocket: with pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, and stewed tomatoes, then served with a side of marinara sauce. \n-Lovely Bit Salmon was excellent!  Salmon, potatoes, asparagus... delicious!\n-Lamb Vindaloo, Lamb in red curry and potatoes... was decent, though I probably wouldn't get it again.  \n-Peppered Steak = GROSS, disgusting, worst thing I've ever received in any food making establishment.  I actually think mine was bad or rotten, and would've complained, but I'd taken it to go and so I was stuck with it.  I took one bite, gagged, spit it out, and threw it away.\n\nIf it weren't for the rotten peppered steak I received, I was going to give a 5-star review, but after it I think I'm being very forgiving with giving 4-stars.  Everything else was pretty excellent, so I'll try to forgive the one absolutely disgusting pasty.
We stopped by for the Tavern Double Tuesday. It was the last of the Cardinal's football season which is a buy a double tavern and get another burger free promotion. We've been to other Red Robin's but interestingly have never been to this location that is so close to our house.\n\nWhen we stop by Red Robin it's usually for a burger and crispy fish sandwich. The bottomless fries come with both so we'll usually get onion rings with one of the meals and share. We know what to expect with the burgers which is well cooked and pretty tasty. We enjoy our favorite burger spots too much to stop her often but it's about as good as you'll get without stepping up to a gourmet burger. For example, they don't ask how you want it cooked. I like the crispy fish sandwich though and get it each visit. The seasoning for the fries is nice but we always seem to fill up on the fries waiting for the meal so not sure why we ordered a hummus plate appetizer. The hummus was the plain type but had some flavor. Would be nice for the plate to come with a couple different types of hummus. I can't say it was freshly made but it was good with the carrots, cucumbers and kettle chips.\n\nTheir service was good. We had to wait a couple minutes to be seated. There wasn't anybody up front so we kind of stood there for a while. Our server was awesome. She was very friendly, had some good recommendations for appetizers and was attentive.\n\nThis location is clean and not too noisy. They have TV screens to catch the game but the volume is low so you can't hear it unless your in the bar area. We'll be back sometime to try something other than burgers.
I always enjoy shopping at this store.  The price on produce is great.  I don't buy limes anywhere else.  They have great prices on the produce. They have a bakery in there and a cafeteria if you get hungry and can't wait to get home.  The food is pretty good too.
Opus is where classy and casual meet for a drink and a bite to eat.  Cocktails are the star of the show here, and I've really enjoyed the ones I've tasted  \n\nPersonally, I'm a pretty serious craft beer nerd, and I'm quite pleased with Opus's relatively short but very well-curated tap list.  They pour a nice mix of brews from Madison and beyond, with solid representatives of the major genres plus some interesting entries.  While it's not an expansive list, it's very well thought out and sure to satisfy.  \n\nI've sampled several appetizers including sushi rolls, sweet potato fries, chips, and the addictive sweet/salty/spicy nuts and enjoyed them all.\n\nService is absolutely top notch.  At a large event tonight, our charming server , Jessica, not only kept a drink in every hand but knew exactly who ordered what and needed no sorting out of drinks among our large group at the end of the evening which was very impressive!  \n\nThis little spot has a wide range - I'd come here with a big group like tonight, a quick solo or small group drink after work, and anything in between.
This is a really great place to go to with friends. I liked how the different animals/fishes were displayed :D and the little audio description things were cool. Lots to see so you'll have plenty of pictures/videos to take. And you can even touch sting rays and horseshoe crabs! :P That was my favorite part... now I know horseshoe crabs don't budge from their spot easily and sting rays feel soft and slimy. Haha! \n\n$17 is a pretty good price for this little exhibit and you can make fun, new memories with your friends!
Being a total Asian bobaface in a generally boba-deficient state, I adore this joint.  The chocolate mint smoothie is always on my mind if I'm in the Tempe area or passing through on my way north.  I dig my boba firm and chewy, so I always ask for the drink to be made extra icy to chill the little pelotas to ideal suppleness.  Eba has a pretty large menu and will gladly do flavor combinations.  They use the proper plastic seal on the tops of the cups so you can shake the living daylights out of the drink (as one should).  \n\nAlso, Eba has free wi-fi and is close to the airport; it's our favorite pre-flight stop to do a final check of email.
I think Peter K. below hit all of the points about this hotel, so I will give you my personal experience staying here for 5 days/nights during the week in July:\n\nI arrived and the staff were very nice and helpful.  I paid for Internet daily which was $5/day (not bad, and it was a business trip, so well worth it).  They do have physical keys which I kind of like because for me it's harder to lose.  The room smelled fine (sometimes older hotels smell like mold, but this one did not).  The bathroom was small, but enough for me staying by myself.  I had a room with 2 queen beds and there was plenty of room for 4 people to sleep, tons of pillows and very comfortable pillow top mattress and soft white sheets/comforter.  There was a desk for my laptop, a flat screen TV and a remote that worked!  I even used their alarm which was easy enough to set and worked every morning to wake me up.\n\nThe one complaint I have about the room is that the air conditioner was loud.  I actually had to bang on it, pretty hard, and then the noise stopped.  It's old, so I'm sure some part was loose, but I was able to fix it, and the air was strong and nice because it was pretty hot outside.\n\nThe location is GREAT!  It is right next to the Metro station, and in the heart of downtown where there is a bunch of great shopping, bars and restaurants!  Our group of virus biologists had a great time walking around the city and had no trouble finding our way back to Le Cantlie.  \n\nI would recommend this place to anyone visiting Montreal on a budget.  It's a nice hotel and not super expensive, and in a perfect location.
Had a Groupon for this place, and I'm glad I went. Although the sides were okay, the ribs were just how I like them, tender and not quite falling off the bone. The sauce was good and plenty of it. I'd recommend this place to anyone who hasn't found decent ribs in Phoenix (and they're hard to find!).
I had the pleasure of having lunch here with my girlfriend and family recently. We chose to sit out on the strip, a must when you come here. Getting down to business I have 2 things to say: 1) the food is top notch, 2) service is lacking, BIG TIME!\n\nI ordered the Salmon Spinach salad. This was the BEST salmon I have ever had! I spent much of the meal looking closely at the spices on it trying to figure out how they make such an amazing dish. My untrained tongue couldn't figure it out, lol. Everyone I was with loved their meal. This was a prime location for our first meal of the trip, and food was superb.\n\nThe waiter on the other hand, was far worse than any I have had in a long time. He was so distant, and disinterested with us. I felt like us being there was inconvenient for him, oddly enough. And gratuity was automatically added for a party of 5?!?! Gladly he wasn't able to ruin our experience with his attitude.\n\nFood is phenomenal, service is disappointing. Hopefully they keep cooking this good because that and location is all this place has going for it.
MCB is one of the best BBQ places in town.  I say \""one of the best\"" because I sometimes find that the meat can be dry.  The beans, cole slaw and fried pickles are to die for, though.
You can do some crazy things with burgers here, add lobster or foie gras (sp?) or even truffles. But if you keep it simple with their angus burger it will still be goooood.\n\nThis place is located in Mandalay Place which is the shopping walkway in  between Luxor and Mandalay Bay. The prices are definitely steep, you start at $8.95 for a regular burger but then your add ons like cheese, mushrooms, etc, cost that extra cash. Fries and sides are extra too, by the time you're done you paid a pretty penny for burgers and fries. I recommend the sweet potato fries.\n\nService did not check on us once after the food arrived, maybe he knew we were trying to be cheap cause we split a burger and he didn't bother??? HAH probably.\n\nedit***\n \nWent to Gordon Biersch and ordered a burger, I swear it was just as good, and probably cheaper.
Had the Ahi Tuna tacos, they were very good...their guac is good too.  I ordered a glass of wine at the bar which they just have one kind called Red, it was gross and $12 dollars...their drinks are overpriced, I'll just be ordering meals there for now on.
Great location. Love the decor nice and modern. A lot of the rooms have great views. We had a 1 bedroom suite with the jacuzzi in the bedroom which was pretty cool. The room had a full kitchen and full refrigerator which was awesome because we came downtown to spend Christmas and we cooked food there. Also we had a few issues and it was very hard to get someone on the phone no one ever picks up, but the manager definitely made it up to us on our next stay very very nice and helpful. Ray at the front desk is also very helpful and nice. Great place to stay you don't have to walk through the smoke filled casino and the staff makes sure it stays relatively quiet.
Un buffet de mets fran\u00e7ais fa\u00e7on am\u00e9ricaine, \u00e7a peut faire peur!\nBuffet impressionnant et finalement excellent.\nUn choix immense de plats selon les r\u00e9gions de France (Bourgogne, Alsace...etc) et de vins qui sont plut\u00f4t pas mal.\n\nUne belle d\u00e9couverte !
7/11/12\n\nSince the Yelp Magic Mike event, I've been back to see two movies- Ted on Tuesday ($5.50 for any movies starting after 10p) and The Amazing Spider-Man 3D ($12 for the 930p viewing) tonight.  The regular seats that fill the theaters here are actually quite comfy without foot rests for my 5'0\"" frame (although reclining seats would still be optimal!), and the seats are spacious enough to allow me to sit however I choose to do so, lotus position, or whatever.  For those of you with much longer legs than me, just grab a swivel-chair in front of you and use it as a foot rest; After the opening-day hype dies down, I'm sure this won't be a problem.\n\nI don't know what kind of 3D technology this theater uses, but the pair of glasses handed to me was one of the better types I've come across.  And may I say kudos for the LARGE placard asking patrons not to walk out of the theater with them?  Of course, it would be nice if someone was actually manning the doors to retrieve the pairs (I hate recycling practically brand-new pairs of glasses when someone else can use them-- just wipe them off first, please!).  Hey, how about having a receptacle allowing us to drop them off?  I gave mine to a passing server outside the room.
My wife and I keep coming back to this place for three reasons\n1- the view, best in Henderson for looking at the entire valley\n2- table side guacamole the best we have ever had\n3- red sangria and margaritas, just don't let the manager make it, he tends to load it up with ice, and in the end you just get a watered down glass of wine
One of my favorite pubs in Montreal, close to the centre of downtown and right next to Concordia, there is always a good crowd. If you are looking for a good pint or a decent plate of pub grub this is my first choice. Most nights there is live music on the main floor, and a good cozy atmosphere, although it can get quite loud with a full bar and a band playing. Not my first choice if I need to have serious conversation. \n\nA nice feature is that there are 3 floors, the main floor being the main pub, upstairs is more of a dance bar, and downstairs a quieter smaller pub.\n\nDefinitely check it out, well worth your time.
There's nothing like a good hardware store to a guy like me (born and raised on the cattle ranch long before the era of Lowes and Home Depot).\nMaybe they don't have everything, but they have reasonable facsimile of everything. And if they don't have the thing you need, they have a guy who can help you find it...sort of the hardware internet equivalent, before the  real interwebs was created by Al Gore.\nPaul's Ace Hardware is a pretty good old line hardware store and it's just about perfect for what I need, now that I am no longer landed gentry and live in the high rise world (OK, it's Old Town Scottsdale...at best we can aspire to \""mid-rise\"").\nI call the building if it's something building and big, My Handyman if it's something inside and not so big, and very occasionally, I remember the part of my persona that has built a couple of houses, several barns, rebuilt more cars than I care to think about and pretty much any appliance or machine you can name, and I climb on my bike (it's little too far to walk), and go to Paul's to get what I need to fix something.\nI save myself time, money and I guess I still get a little satisfaction out of fixing something (I swore I wouldn't do that anymore when we moved back to town, but I guess you really can't get the friggin' country out of the boy).\nPaul's Ace Hardware, it's the Ace Hardware chain, but with a local owner. They probably have what you need.
This is now one of our favorite restaurants in town. We love the stuffed dates and beet salad. The food is perfect for sharing and the pitcher of sangria too! :) Firefly is a must do while in Vegas.
My dad introduced me to this little hole in the wall one day and I have to say it's fantastic!  I didn't have one thing that I didn't enjoy.  They're a little on the pricey side (I prefer to do the all you can eat sushi joints) but other than that I would definitely reccommend this place!
the atmosphere is neat..the food is good..Nicely done.
I have been here three times since the opening last week! I would say I am a big fan! We love their happy hour deals, that's mostly what we've come for. Their calamari and Ahi app is cooked to perfection! Their shrimp tacos are very tasty. N the Thai   hummus with cucumbers and carrots are very tasty but not spicy. I also love that they bring you cucumber water as soon as you arrive and are seated. The staff is all very friendly, and quite helpful if you're not sure what you're looking for. We will be coming here a lot of the next few months!!!
Freshest ingredients, authentic recipes and reasonably priced!!
I have been different  SuperCuts locations but this one is my favorite. I usually get here early so I don't have to wait. The ladies are all friendly and like to talk. I will continue to keep coming here.
I'm no world traveler, but McCarran is one of my favorite airports, if not my MOST favorite.\n\nThere's always something to do there, and the carousels for luggage are convenient and right by the shuttles and taxi area.  This airport is well designed for the newbie traveler, and always a breeze to go through.\n\nThe gambling, while some love it, is okay - like I said, it at least gives you something to do to pass the time in the terminal.  But there are also shops, restaurants, and bars to occupy your time as well.  It's just a well laid out airport.
We've eaten at Monty's a number of times and have always had good food there.   Service has also been good to excellent.   The veggie quesadilla is quite good.   Their prices are a little higher than we would like.\nBathroom and restaurant is very clean. \nWhen we are in the mood for something vegetarian Monty's is a safe bet.\nI wouldn't really say I'm a fan but they do enough right to get 4 stars.
Great fish and chips, nice batter not too heavy. The sausage rolls are a must. Great traditional pub beers and a decent whiskey selection too. The stew was lovely, a half order goes a long way!
This asian market has a small section of fruit and veggieand fresh sea food, it's reasonable priced. I often go for the instant thai tea or viet coffee mixes.Even thou it's a good size market it does not compare to the asian markets in Garden Grove,CA. One good thing, since it's an asian market you can find fresh/live seafood and cheap asian must haves. In addition, there's food items from middle east, India and in the frozen section you can find goya products often used in Latin America.
The layout of this place is reminds me of an art gallery. The precision layout, interesting point of sale displays and overall clean and crisp presentation makes for a pleasant wander round the shop, not to mention the explosion of colour apparent at the entrance.\n\nStudio one is great for the odd unique present.  The children toy section is full of charming playthings, whilst the more practical household section contains some Ikea beating designs.\n\nUpmarket and not afraid to show (in the prices too), Studio one is full of innovatively designed stuff.
I was abducted on a hungover Saturday morning and takin this this place. At first I was a little nervous, it's in the hood, no sign saying this is even a business, bars on the ordering windows. But hot damn, this food was good. A must for a hungover, gut soaking meal. \nI'll definitely be returning....just maybe with my gun next time. Haha jk
Go for the custard, and if you are doing drive through and want the flavor of the day, be sure to ask for it fresh. I was sure Culver's just down the way would drive a stake through Michael's when it opened a few years back, but it hasn't happened. For those of us who like the real thing, that's something to be happy about.\n\nI've been happy with their veggie burgers and can't complain about the food over all. Drive in kinda food...
The staff was friendly and inviting. Their service was good. Prices are a little high for what they are serving but the food is good!! Decor was really nice and they had good-vibe music playing. I wasn't able to try any deserts but I definitely will be back. Glad I live really close by but their hours are a little confusing. They have breakfast brunch and dinner hours but are closed during certain hours but open to serve..something? It was extremely confusing.
We'd walked past a few times drunk, it looked awesome but rather expensive.  After a long talk we decided before we left we had to try a few things or else our Montreal trip wouldn't be complete:  Poutine. Schwartz. Crepes.  Old Port.   \n\nAfter a disappointing plate of poutine at la belle province  (tip:  you must be SHIT FACED to enjoy that slop)  we decided to rebound with some chocolate.    the glossy, chic over priced look and sound of Juliette Et Chocolate fit the bill for the crepes.  and it was also next door.   \n\nWe had grannies peanut butter hot chocolate.  and after asking our waitress (condescending bitch btw!) what she recommended, sided with the crepe with fruit with ice cream and chocolate.  it was like 11 bucks.   the hot chocolate was more soup/spoon worthy.  A bit too peanuty and lack luster for me and the whipped cream was just from an areosol can (whipping it your self is not that hard guys... was really disappointed.  its like a pepper shaker at a fine dining restaurant.  tacky)  Buuuuut:   the over priced crepe was delicious and really surprised us.  It was enough for the two of us no doubt.  After taxes our buttholes definitely ached something fierce, but hey, at least its a town full of attractive french people fucking you.
Let me start my review by saying I was EXTREMELY skeptical of a revolving sushi bar. Fish...revolving, hmm...however! I read all the great reviews and sure enough: Yelpers come though again.\n\nI love going to Teharu. You sit, the food rolls by, it's fun!\n\nI love anything that's well made, tastes great, and is Cheap.\n\nThey have a WIDE variety of items price 1.50-2.50 PER plate. I will upload a picture later to show you just how much you can put down at this place and get away cheaply. (Cuz I can put down some sushi). The beers are huge, the portions filling and it's fresh, which is super important when eating raw fish, no?\n\nIf you're still thinking about it,  JUST GO - With prices at 1.50/2.50 per plate...you can afford to \""try it.\""
Found this place because Goyemon was too busy.  Happy I did.  Delicious food and good service. Would definitely come again since I was with ayce amateurs.  Lol.
I have only been here for the happy hour menu, and OMG so worth it!  If you can get in there early, the service is fast.  The meatballs, garlic bread, and the personal pizza offered for happy hour are AMAZING.  Can't wait to go back.
Good crust and quality toppings...not bad at all.
Great atmosphere! I love to sit at the bar and order nachos or enchiladas and hang out with my husband. The service and food are good.
Why am I writing a review for this place? no one's going to read it.\n\nBut hey try not to get stuck sitting outside. It's hot as hell, and the automatically timed cooling fans spray water in your face and food.\n\nbut Their food is so amazing... i can't hate them for that. I tried the crab cake benedict and although it was a small portion, it was a heavy, rich small delicious portion.  The crab was very flavorful with the \""hollandaise\"" sauce slightly sweet and rich.  I snatched some of my friends potatoes and dipped it in the left over sauce... soooo good.\n\nand HEY!!! don't leave without getting a frozen hot chocolate.  I ate so much last time, i didn't have any room left.  But it's like a hot chocolate flavor in a smoothie. but it's not so thick like a slurpee, so you can still sip with ease.  Very delicious and is a must get.  They have different flavors as well, and i heard the orrreo frrrrozen hot chotolate is pretty good too.
Gotta love a place that gets it right...good portions..nice decor..Sunday brunch..good options for lunch, dinner, late night snack, etc\n\nCan say enough about the service, which i thought was awesome! \nHad the Madeira Chicken which offered me a slice of chicken covered in gooey cheese goodness at every bite. Sampled the Prawns served on a bed of raosted potatoes and i have no regrets there either\n\nTwo thumbs up from this foodie
Love it! Cant wait to eat here again. The egg rolls were the best Ive ever had. Sweet and sour pork is my all time favorite! And when I got take out they put the pork seperate from the sauce so it didnt get soggy..Fried rice is good also.
So happy they opened up here! Great taste& quick...my hungry soccer girls love this place. Only problem is the crew is rowdier than every other jimmy johns I ever patronized before so that's why I am not giving it 5 stars.
Good spot! Very clean inside. Had the cold vermicelli and the service was fast! The beef stew is also good. Next time I will try the pho
Yummy yummy~\nI've been waiting for a place like this in Vegas for years! I remember eating pasta Japanese style when I was younger back home and this place doesn't disappoint. Pasta is al dente and they offer an interesting variety of sauces. I tried the miso carbonara and it had the right amount of miso, not overpowering the light flavor of the cream sauce (meaning, not salty). I also saw on their menu that they offer squid ink pasta, which brought a lot of childhood memories. I'm definitely interested in trying their uni tomato the next time I go here.\nThe ambience is also nice. They were playing Italian music, but I would like to listen to bossa nova with that atmosphere. The service was nice and the server is very willing to answer any questions. The price was reasonable, about the same as that commercialized pasta joint *cough olive *cough garden. \nAnywho, if you're tired of the same old same old try this place out for a culinary adventure.
Clean grounds, play area for the chillens, well manicured landscaping, pleasant architecture, a lot of parking. a great area to spend time in.
Yes I did it again! What can I say I'm a meat eater.\n\nIt's been a few years since I've been here & it was exactly as I remembered.. Still hip. Of course in the pass we just bellied up to the icebar for martinis and a show from the bartenders. Now that I'm older we sat in a booth & enjoyed a wonderful meal.\n\nThe filet mignon was like butter & melted in my mouth. Loved the peppery sauce on the side. \n\nWasn't impressed w the mini baked potatoes, maybe cuz they were to small to fill & weren't served hot...   ;(
I honestly don't see why there are such bad reviews.......hahaha you just aren't cool enough I guess....\n\nSo about 10 of us come together, 3 girls 7 dudes....  us ladies were in for free the men paid the 20 at around 3AM .... after dancing all night I was tired and decided to head back to the hotel at around 6am I change into my vans but I still have my little sexy black dress and head back.... how awesome is that? to be able to LEAVE a club and come back?? It doesnt get any better than that. when I came back to Drais, the music WAS SICK, tried speaking to the dj but he didnt speak english..... HE WAS SO SICK!!! and about them being nazis on dresscode? its bull, i saw so many people in there in jeans and tennis shoes....maybe you should smile? be more talkative? be nice? Can't wait to go back in January!!!!!!!!!!!
Everything is good, ok that's not really all that helpful.. ok try the tiplalia fish and chips if you like fried fish, the chicken strips on a stick with tropical dipping sauce is yummy, but you must get the duck potsticker if and burger melt.  It is the best patty melt I have every had.  It's a little greasey but hey it's a patty melt.  The bread is a pan grilled garlic bread crusted with cheese...mmm and them smothered with thousand island dressing.  The molten lave cake is relly good too.  It's a great place to stop in for a quick lunch. How can this be the same company as cheesecake factory which in my opinion is soooo bad.\n\nonly 4 stars because the last server we had was just not cutting it
I've been to this Dee's Donuts a few times and every time I've been there it has been very pleasant. The ladies there always throw in a few doughnut holes in when I purchase two or three individuals. Not a huge selection of donuts at this place,  but I will say it is 1000 times better than going to Dunkin' Donuts. If you are in the NW area and craving something sweet and fast go here! They will always hook you up!
Its Cheap, Its Fast, Its Yummy.....err not too sure on the fast part, because sure it takes a while to make them. I met one of the guys who worked there and told me about the place. Tried the double burger with the grilled potatoes. They tasted delicious and the price cheap.
I may not be the hugest fan of La Grande Orange, but there's one spot in that little Arcadia hub that is always worth going to-Postino. \n\nPostino has got to be one of the busiest places in town on Monday and Tuesday nights because of their killer $20-for-a-bottle-of-wine-and-bruschetta deal from 8-11 p.m. They're busy every other night, too, simply because they're one of the hippest places around-a hot staff, a huge wine selection, a pretty patio, wonderful food and pretty ambiance. There's also a location in central Phoenix, which offers up all of the same.\n\nWhen I went there for dinner, I had one of my favortie paninis, the Nine Iron ($9.50), which came with a small side salad and was topped with tomato, mustard and mozzarella. It's very filling and tastes super-fresh, and the regular one comes with chicken and bacon, too.\n\nMy pal got the Italian Picnic salad ($8.50) and Tomato Jam and Sheep's Milk bruschetta ($12.75). This was the first time I tried that type of bruschetta (my favorites are the White Bean with Chopped Tomato and Warm Artichoke Spread), and I thought it was amazing-really sweet, and it could even work for dessert.
With Gelato Spot across the street from work, a lot of my co-workers head over for everything from coffee to lunch.  They all rave about it non-stop.  I finally bit the bullet and let a work friend drag me across the street to Gelato Spot for lunch today, after much hesitation.  Maybe it is the fact that it started out as a dessert place, which had since morphed into a coffee and pizza joint. \n\nWHAT THE HELL WAS I WAITING FOR!?!?  \n\nHad the Chicken Louie Panini with a side salad.  \n\nChicken Louie Breakdown -\nToasted..with a slight char to the bread..yum!\nSliced Tomatoes - Nice and fresh.  Not mushy. \nBacon - Could have been a little crispier, but bacon makes everything better!\nAvocado - 86'ed that. \nLouie Dressing - Slightly tangy, slightly sweet.  Some might compare it to thousand island, but its not as thick.  \nBlue Cheese - GImme the funk!  YUM!\nChives - Chives is chives. \n\nSide Salad Breakdown - Now, this is why I'm not giving Gspot 5 stars.  I was given the option of caesar or house.  I asked for the house. \n\nRomaine - Fresh and crisp.\nCherry Tomatoes - Fresh with that pop when you bite into it. \nCarrots - chopped, and not grated.  Cant stand grated carrots. :) \nHouse Dressing - The salad was drenched in oil...total turnoff. \n\nFlat Bread - Very tasty!  \n\nWill I return to GSpot?  Yes!  I wanna see if they can do a custom panini.  Will I order a side salad again?  Probably not, unless I can request a different dressing on the side.  \n\nBut salad or not, I think I know where I'm having lunch again this week!!  :)
Not Sure why Zipps has such bad reviews?  We came here after watching the Ironman today, and I thought it was great.  Happy hour on Sundays are $7 burgers and $10 pitchers.  Throw in a $4.50 Bloody Mary, and you have a Sunday Funday on your hands.  I had the Burger with Green Chili's and it was delicious.  PepperJack cheese, green chilis, and a side of Chili to go with it?  Yes Please.\n\nPrices were reasonable, and the food was good.  It's worth giving it a try, if there is a happy hour going on!
Pizza is good. Pretty normal flavor for this type of place.  The charging for refills annoys me and the service is subpar but they have a cheap lunch special.\n\nThey do have an outstanding ranch though.  I don't know what the secret is but it's the bomb.
I hadn't been to the Miracle Mile Shops in a year and then all of a sudden I was there twice in less than a month.  I visited Garrett Popcorn both times because I find myself addicted to the almond caramel crisp popcorn .  I'd never had their popcorn at all, but the b/f and I were walking by, had some free samples, and then it was all over.  You can combine flavors if you'd like, which I did last night, mixing the almond caramel with the cashew caramel.  A small bag, just the right size for me, is exactly $4.61 including tax.  There's even enough for me to share (a little) with the partner in crime.  Garrett is known for the Chi Town mix, which is sweet and savory, but give me the almond caramel anytime--it's poppin'!
Very authentic thai food! I had the beef jerky, pad thai, papaya salad and sticky rice ! All were delicious. They offer a huge thai tea ! I took off one star for the location. But I will definitely come back for the service and food.
These accomodations are crazy. The interior decor is so gaudy you wouldn't believe. It looks like the kind of place that your grandma would say is really nice. How about those vine work wallpaper borders all over the room? Nice touch. And oh, the wooden venetian column heads nailed into entryways, stunning. \n\nWord brah, how about the vermin that were living in my bathroom sink the whole time I was there and never cleaned out by housekeeping.\n\nWatch out for top floor rooms. That air conditioner is on the roof right over your bed.\n\nDood, if you found this place because it had a low business rate, and you're trying to be budget conscious, think for two minutes about how poorly you're going to sleep. It's also far away from every place that anyone on business would want to be at.
This is a more upscale indian restaurant in decor and ambiance for Las Vegas indian standards.  They have a alchohol bar and serve mixed drinks, not just beer (standard indian restaurant drink fare).  I had a stawberry mojito and it was surprisingly delicious.  Muttled to perfection.  Yes, a girl drink and delicious.  \n\nVegetable Samosa\n Fish of the Day was fabulous.\nSaag Paneer\nNaan is delicious and very fresh.\nChicken Curry\nOven baked Eggplant\n\nThese are some of the dishes we recieved.  Delicious food.  You may need a rez otherwise it can get busy especially certain nights of the week.  The strip mall this restaurant is in is a little colorful at night.  My kids love indian and I don't love taking them to this strip mall during the evening hours...Not sure if its the strip club or the 24 hr nail place that is the most dicey.  Lots of people around all the time so I can say it does feel safe just would not walk around this area in the evening for a stroll.  Bon Appetit
It was really too hot in Las Vegas for pho, but pho is a damn good hangover cure and it was, after all, the Saturday after a REALLY good night.\n\nThe service was really good and all the food came out very quick. They had fresh coconut which was a treat in 100 degree weather. Prices were also very fair considering the amount of food... We really could've done 2 people to a bowl but our cognitive powers were not at their best at the time. Great off-strip option without being too far away.
I like this place its not Authentic mexican food if thats what you are expecting you are an idiot , food is good and i like it not so impress with the youngtas working there tho they slack the lady that cleans can be more helpful than the kids working in the kitchen .
Super large pool. Great waterfalls. Definitely feels like an oasis except the crowds, the empty booze cups and towels thrown everywhere sort of ruin this illusion. This tends to happen towards mid day though.  Still one of the best pools on the strip. Get there early as chairs fill up fast. \nCAUTION: if/when ordering a drink poolside, tip IS automatically added on. They don't tell you that. Don't double tip unless you intend to. Sneaky...
I come here for chicken on a stick & mung bean pancakes every time I am in the Strip District. I don't know what else to say about it besides that it's awesome--everything is prepared quickly and the little Korean woman who I always see working the stand is very pleasant. I always recommend the food here to everyone I know whenever they say they're going to the Strip. It's cheap and delicious. This would be a five star rating if I wasn't considering the grocery store, but this place IS indeed a grocery store and not just a street vendor (unfortunately). \nThe grocery store is very poorly organized, things are dusty, and many of the things don't have expiration dates. That's actually pretty typical of imported Asian food, but I was really skeptical about buying anything from the grocery store because no one really shops here (there are better competitors down the street, like Lotus Food Co) and that means that the food remained on the shelf for who knows how long. The first time my friend and I came here, she purchased a pack of mango mochi ice cream and found that it had freezer burn and smelled a bit off as well. The store manager/owner kindly refunded the purchase, which was nice, but I would still never buy anything. Also, compared to Lotus Food Co, some of the items in this store are more expensive. The mochi ice cream was definitely more expensive--I can't remember exactly how much, but after we realized that we bought a bad item, we went to Lotus Food Co and bought a box of mochi ice cream that was perfectly fine, delicious, and less expensive.
I am not a fan of family style dining (get your fork off my plate!) so it's not exactly what I would want to do. That being said the food was awesome. Price is on the high side and I didn't like that the young hostess didn't ask us before hand how we felt about eating upstairs or walking up steps when there was an elevator there. That is something that needs to be asked right away before seating anyone. My partner in crime didn't care for that either and service can be slow at times.\nI plan on going back due to the food and for that alone it gets 4 stars.
A smaller aquarium with very limited, and somewhat dated/kitschy-looking exhibits. \n\nHowever, I give this place 4 stars because 1) they are the only aquarium in NV accredited by the AZA, and 2) I appreciate the fact that they have some very special animals for such a small aquarium: a Komodo dragon, sawfish, green sea turtle, a bowmouth guitarfish - all of which are threatened or endangered and uncommon animals to be found in captivity. \n\nAlso, the touch tank filled with a variety of rays and skates and horseshoe crabs was awesome.
I prefer this DMV over all the others ive been to in Las Vegas because of shorter wait times and the employees were just alot nicer here. Definitely using this location for now on.
Nicely decorated for the Holidays and we were greeted Happily.\n\nMy friend ordered Miso soup and 007 Sushi and he was very pleased. I had Chicken Katsu and Banana Cheesecake for dessert and I was definitely pleased.\n\nYes it was a bit expensive but the food and service was very good.
INSANE amount of shoes, and good size selection as well!\n\nAs far as marshall's go, if I'm looking for anything other than clothing, I choose this one. Yes, they do have a small contemporary selection and some decent higher end denim options, a little bcbg, a little michael kors... but it seems like everyone knows this already, and for me everything after that little bubble was just boring. \n\nBut, the shoes? holy crap. Their boot selection rivals a shoe warehouse's and they have a ton of shoes on clearance. The home goods, awesome. A surprisingly large collection of cook books, have even found a fiction book I was planning on buying as a gift off amazon. I was actually surprised how many gourmet food items they have, and the selection of really nice kitchen wares (even most of the line from the Palm Restaurant). If you need a green olive stuffed with anything other than a pimento - you can find it at this Marshall's! Tons of kids toys, children's clothing, and a good selection of electronics accessories (ear buds, head phones, etc) as you check out. \n\nNot much help as far as while you're shopping, but the cashiers are usually super friendly. It's clean, its nicely set up, and if you didn't prepare yourself to spend an hour sifting through the racks, there is a well kept bathroom in the back left corner.
The spa facilities are really nice and relaxing.  Much better spa facility than Vdara.  I had the best aromatherapy massage here.  Not only was my masseuse great, but they do a few little extras that I have not found elsewhere.  For example, they put a nice warm compress on your back while they massage your arms and legs.  Then when you flip over, they put a warm towel under your neck and a warm eye pillow.  It really adds to the experience. \n\nIf you are a hotel guest, you do not have to pay for a spa day pass to just use the facilities.  Other spas can charge up to $50 for hotel guests who just want to use the facilities and do not want to get a spa treatment.  Would definitely come back!
We live near the Claim Jumper in Buena Park. No matter when you go during their business hours, there's a waiting line. Could be 'cause they're located across the street from Knott's Berry Farm.\n\nWhat a treat to visit Avondale's Claim Jumper and get seated immediately!\n\nLog cabin ambiance. Spacious. Clean. Great service. Thank you, Jacqueline, for endorsing the wonderful BBQ Chicken Salad. We totally enjoyed the salad, surf and turf. \n\nWe never order dessert. Too full, but we couldn't resist the Carrot Cake, which was absolutely delicious. Moist cake made with carrots, raisins, pineapple and walnuts frosted with delicate, fluffy cream cheese. Yum!
We have stayed at The Signature on several previous occasions. We decided to try Luxury Suites International this time....\n\nWe were very pleased. We received all of the service from previous trips. The maid service was outstanding! The room was well maintained and a great value. \n\nWe loved it!  - Previously we stayed at the Elara (Hilton Grand Vacations)  4 weeks previously.. no comparison. We will be staying at The Signature and booking through LSI...
We had a great time at Castles & Coasters!!\nWe played a round of mini golf with the kiddos, and they enjoyed it to the fullest. But our favorite was the racing carts, that is such a fun-filled activities to do with the little ones, it was exciting and different!\nThe arcade was full with fun games you play for tickets, which are now digital, and are added to the card that you buy along with your credit.\nWe'll be back to play more at the arcade, to race carts, try the roller coaster and also to do the bumper boats!!
We liked the prices and choose to take our dog here. I didn't like that I was taking home a wet dog, his bottom was still dripping and because he was so scared I had to lift him into the car. As a result my shirt got wet too. However the staff was nice and friendly. Great prices on dog food as well.
cool place, but they need a system to seat people.  my hubby n i went and the girls were nice and cute. we had to find our own seats out front though. drinks were ok, nothing special. didn't notice where the club part was...out by 5am
Definitely this is the best Japanese tapas restaurant IN VEGAS. \n\nHowever, recently, for some reason, the quality of food has gotten a little worse. Did the head chef leave? I don't know.\n\n Alcohol beverage used to be much cheaper. Now they are like 'on the Strip' price (some sake is more expensive than these fancy sushi places on the Strip!).\n\nServers here are way far from professionals. Maybe because i ask too many questions. They are nice, tho.\n\nBut these are only negatives. I like it. I like it way better than these mother fuckin fake Japanese fusion restaurants where all the mother fuckin celebrities who cant even use the fuckin chopsticks properly go (nowadays, all they talk about is Jiro Sushi - why don't you go get a pizza, man). \n\nOops, excuse me. And yes- one more thing- they have special menu on a black board. Waitresses will recommend you no matter what. I suggest you to ask them the price before you order. It could be ridiculously expensive, tho, you may be too drunk to even care at the end. They are all good, tho.\n\nTofu is great. \nBest part is they serve seasonal things. \nAsk your server where your fish, uni, and veggie came from. \nAsk what is seasonal right now (it's now time for Matsutake mushroom,,,).\nWhen winter comes, Oden is a great choice.\nBest part- they don't have Edamame. That's for fakers, you know.\nCrispy asparagus - yummy!\n\n\nBtw, when you eat, you shouldnt drink unfiltered sake (as apperitive drink, it is ok. It  taste too much, almost too soft and sweet to pair with food - this is a fucking basic rule, dude).Nobody at the restaurant tells you that, but it looks kinda funny.  Strong, crispy clear sake is what you need when you eat Japanese food. No fucking cocktails!
#1 - MUST have their garlic dipping sauce...so good!\n\nI like that they have really cheap appetizers...I ordered all the $1.00 ones. I figured I might as well try them since they're cheap and see if I like them. I liked the Falafel, Spanakopita, and their bread (so good). \n\nThe food is pretty good and the portion is perfect (okay, maybe it's just a tad bit more than enough). \n\nThe workers are super friendly!
I'm guessing that given the location of this particular chain restaurant & the previous reviews, that this branch is somewhat of tourist trap.  Well we dined here as tourists during Jazz Fest & have to admit we had a very good experience!  My cheeseburger was absolutely delicious as was my side of sauteed mushrooms.  The one sour note was that yes the prices are exorbitant for what you get.  Sure, we had an excellent meal but I'm guessing most of the waiter-service establishments in this area know that they've got the market covered for people who don't want fast food, & realize they can charge these prices, because people like us will pay 'em.  And we did!  But overall, we were very satisfied with our dinner here.
I have been to Ninja many times, and both my wife and I agree, this is some of the best priced, and best overall sushi in the east valley.\n\nNinja doesn't have the flair of Blue Wasabi, or Ra. But its good food, made by real Sushi Chef's from Japan.\n\n\nIt is your typical-older-dive sushi joint, don't go in expecting anymore then that.
Cheap prices. \nFast service.
I stopped by for lunch with a group from work. We were in and out in about 45 minutes. I ordered the margherita pizza. Delicious! A friend ordered the veggie pizza. I think I liked that even more! It had yellow squash, Italian squash (or zucchini. . .or both?), and mushrooms. Melted in my mouth. . . The price to taste ratio is just right. :] I would highly recommend this restaurant if you are in the area.
We recently stayed two nights at the Holiday Inn and Suites Madison West.  We really enjoyed this hotel.  The pool and waterpark area make this hotel a little better then others in the area.  The waterpark is more for children under 8 years old, our near 4 year old really enjoyed the water slides here, but would be overwhelmed by slides at the dells.  I was very annoyed that there was zero soap and shampoo in our room on arrival.  I had to walk around the halls to find the maid to get some soap.\n\nThe next day our room was not cleaned when we returned at 2pm, but we called the front desk and it was cleaned quickly.  This time the maid only left 1 bottle of each shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and etc.  I have long hair and we had 3 people in our room, the maids need to leave more shampoos.  \n\nThis hotel needs to supply free breakfast coupons for the hotel restaurant.  We paid $315.90 for two nights, I've come to expect a free breakfast for that kind of money.  We were surprised that breakfast was not provide.  Yes, the kid's meal was free, but I feel like a free breakfast should be a given at this type of hotel.
The night before I was ridiculously drunk, so on the drive home I was discussing with my friend where we can find really good bun rieu, she goes. Bosa 1. I say lets go. \n\nwalked in was kinda hot, but were in the desert what ever. ordered. For it being soup it took quit some time to get our food, but it was a small establishment so having too many employees would make it a little too chaotic, and it looked like a couple and maybe 1 other person in the back, so I got it. food comes it looks and smells delicious, so two of my senses already sparking thoughts of what that first bite is going to taste like. I like to taste my food with out anything in it first; no obscure smelling sauces, or anything from the herb garden.  \n \nFirst bite; amazing really simple good and tasted like a friends mother put some effort into this delicious bowl. the crab meat and egg ratio was on the generous side, the vermacelli noodles werent too soggy, and the broth had a great balanced flavor. \n\nGreat experience/
Wonderful falafel pita wrap. Fast and friendly service, even during the Friday night dinner rush. The waitress was very attentive to my vegetarian diet, which was nice. The falafel was crispy and the pita was warm. Someone in my party had the beef, which was flavorful and very good.
What an awesome place. In Arizona for Thanksgiving and went out for a drink. The front tore staff was great, had two different people offer to help us choose a cigar. Went into the lounge and our mixologis Jay took the time to go over everything and provided great service. If this place served a few tapas 5 stars for sure.
Had a business meeting here this morning, it was the first time I've been. The place was small but sunny and clean. It was pretty good- you're standard breakfast / bagel place. I had a toasted bagel with cream cheese and an iced tea and my guest had eggs, home fries, a sausage patty and a soda for $12, not bad. They also offer Boar's Head meats, and lots of sides. The guy behind the counter was not a super warm guy, but he took care of  us and got the food out quick and fast. The place was empty when we arrived at 9am, but it filled up quickly with professionals from the neighboring medical buildings. Overall, it will be a nice place to add to the breakfast rotation.
Let's get credentials out of the way here first: I was born in Cleveland, and I live in Las Vegas, so I can understand any hesitancy on taking (pizza) advice from me.\n\nEXCEPT: I went to college in New Jersey (Rutgers? Rutgers!), so I've had more delicious, delicious pizza than some people get in their whole lives. And it's because of this pursuit of higher education that I'm doomed to spend the rest of my west-coast life in pursuit of a decent slice. \n\nAs others have said before, on Yelp, on the news, on bar stools at 3 a.m., decent pizza is hard in Nevada because of the water. But, just like a dog with three legs, Nevada can rise above its challenge and become something different, something unique, something altogether endearing. And since 3 Brothers is legit from Jersey and has that feisty Jersey backing, they rise above with considerable flair. \n\n(It should also be said that my apartment is pretty damn close to 3 Brothers, so I've had it enough times to make a well-informed decision. Because that's how people make pizza decisions, right?)\n\nThe pizza's good. It's not New Jersey, it's not New York, it's not Chicago, but it's good. Sometimes it's really good and sometimes it's too saucy or undercooked. It's one of those places where, even if you don't have a mind-blowing slice, you can at least see its value in the Las Vegas Pizza Hierarchy. The other food is sort of similarly inconsistent, but also generally good. I had a TCE (traumatic calzone experience) while dining in there once and haven't tried again, but we often get the chicken fingers/french fries carry-out to make our own at-home fat sandwiches (Rutgers!) and it's always good. \n\nIt seems -- less than helpful? -- to keep referring to things as \""good,\"" but that's really what it is. I can't say that this is the kind of slice most people would drive all the way over from Summerlin for, but to some people, I think it could be that place. It's got just enough of everything I remember from college and New Jersey pizza places to make me want to blow off studying for a final and just eat pizza and watch The Office instead. I think that drive-across-town pizza fanaticism would also be easy to arrive at for people that know the original 3 Brothers. (But, having eaten at the original, I don't think you're going to be 100% satisfied. Blame it on the water, right?)\n\nI guess what I'm trying to say is: this isn't the pizza you're looking for. This isn't the slice that's going to make you grab the box, hole up in the corner of your Vegas apartment and bark at anyone that comes near you because you're found it, oh my god, you've found it, real east coast pizza in NEVADA.\n\nBut, I don't know that that pizza place exists here (...yep, the water) and you could do a lot worse than 3 Brothers. It's like, remember that time back home in New Jersey when your favorite shop was closed because it's family owned and someone was having a baptism, but you still really wanted pizza? And you ordered from a different shop, but it was still good, but not the same? It's like that. \n\n(Plus, bonus Jersey perk: depending on who answers the phone/takes your order in-store, you may get a side of thinly veiled apathy/annoyance. It's kind of charming once you learn not to take it personally, I'm serious.)
I came here because I had a special offer. Was going to vegas for a bachelor party and was delightfully pleased. THe major thing was when I left the bill was exactly what the quoted me on the phone. They had a resort fee but that was expected.   \nThe room was great, nice and big. The toilet paper there was way better than the venetian. \nThe only problem was the beds are doubles not queens. \n\nI will definitely go back to this place again :)
Spent last Saturday cruising the Tivoli Village Farmer's Market and once we'd loaded up on Kettle corn and asparagus, we decided to grab a bite to eat.  Having dined at the Brio in Town Square, and enjoyed it several times, we decided to give this location a go.\n\nThe patio was lovely at 11am on a Saturday. We managed to get there before the rush, so we had our pick of seats and it was quiet and very relaxing. \n\nOur server wasn't the best in the world. He was a tall slim guy (though all the servers seemed to be super tall and slim) with a huge band-aid on the side of his neck. I assume this was to cover some kind of tattoo, but it wasn't that appetizing, i'll be honest.\n\nHowever, because he was so soft spoken and meek, I thought maybe he had some kind of life-saving throat or neck surgery and cut him some slack.  His service was super slow and he forgot about us a few times, but I refused to let it ruin the brunch and let Mr. Potential Cancerous Goiter and/or Criss Angel Tattoo off without griping.\n\nThe peach bellini is TO DIE for. So good and comes in a giant pint glass. I thought it was going to be a simple bellini in a champagne flute, but no, this was like a booze slurpee. For $7. I'll have two next time.\n\nI had the eggs benedict, which was absolutely delicious. The grilled asparagus that came with it was gone in 30 seconds. I like my poached eggs on the medium-well side and mine came so runny they were almost cold inside (which I realize is how some folks like them). But the manager, who happened to be walking by, had them remake them, despite my protests. She was really attentive and personable. I should've gotten her name -- she's got long dark hair and blue eyes, kinda on the wee side.\n\nI'd definitely go back to this location, especially  for brunch. There's some berry stuffed french toast I've got my eye on...
Delta isn't a 5-star hotel, but my experience there was.\n\nAll of the staff were extremely courteous and went out of their way to make me feel comfortable.  The room was a little outdated and the furniture was mismatched a little bit, but the bed was the absolute most comfortable bed I've ever slept in!  I even peeked at the mattress' tags before leaving so I know which bed to get myself if I ever need one again!  (Serta Lace Concierge, btw)  The pillows were also magnificent!  Everything was clean, except for the carpets which could use a good cleaning.  Like I said, it's just outdated, like the wallpaper and curtains.  But nothing bad, per say.\n\nMy room had a small balcony looking out over the fountain and courtyard with a nice sliding glass door.  When the sun finally came out on my last day, this came in handy.\n\nDelta has a gift shop on the main floor that is open until 11pm which was a godsend!\n\nI had booked my reservation along with my flight on a travel site, so the price was great.  But I think the prices from their Web site (~$80/night) weren't bad, either.\n\nUnfortunately Internet wasn't free but it did work from the get-go, which is more than I can say for some of the nicer hotels!  Also, the bathroom was very poorly lit, barely any light shining on the toilet area and in the shower.  It was strange.\n\nWhen I'm back in Montreal, I will definitely stay at the Delta again!!
Came here on a Monday for their grilled cheese special with a group of 7. They sat us in this weird dark corner, probably because they were (to my surprise since it was a Monday) quite busy.\n\nThey seemed to have a nice beer selection, although I can't comment on them much since I got a cider.\n\nFor appetizers we got pretzels and the poutine. The pretzels were your typical type and the poutine had melted cheese instead of cheese curds and was super heavy but tasty.\n\nFor my sandwich I got the Wang Chung Tonight on recommendation from our waiter. It was DELICIOUS. I had the biggest smile on my face after trying it. The sandwich itself was huge with buttery bread. It was paired with the parm herb fries which were also very flavorful and tasty. I wasn't the biggest fan of the tomato soup - too salty for me and had some chunks in it.\n\nThe Breakfast Club and the Big Chewbowski were hits with my dinner mates. We also tried a side of mac and cheese that was super cheesy and super yummy.\n\nWould def come back here again, they have specials almost every night and for the amount of food with the Monday special it was extremely affordable. Eight of us ate for about $120 (including drinks).
Craftsman Court Ceramics is fabulous for its wonderful staff and wide range of product selection.  As an interior designer for over 10 years, I've worked with all of the local tile showrooms.  Many have well-priced items, but Craftsman Court truly has a wide range of products that can fit into many budgets.  Their staff is very helpful for me to be able to bring clients in, provide samples, and prompt service for pricing and ordering.  They will go the extra mile to ensure each product is just right for their clients.  I would highly recommend checking them out and seeing their selection.  Be sure to ask them to show you what you're looking for because they have some great hidden treasures and possibilities!
Gorgeous restaurant, great service, beautiful food...and be prepared to shell out some cash! \n\nDuring our Vegas trip, hubs and I were looking for some great Italian and being that we were staying next door in Aria, we figured Scarpetta at the Cosmopolitan would be a great fit. A 9:30 pm reservation and we were off!\n\nAs mentioned, this is a pretty romantico restaurant with dim lighting, slick tables and modern touches. Service was helpful but not intrusive - a definite plus! \n\nAnd how about the dishes...\n\nHeirloom tomato salad: 4/5: A very delicious combination of incredibly fresh stracciatella cheese, great tomatoes a bit of salsa verde and eggplant. The portion was small but it was bursting with flavor.\n\nSpaghetti: 4/5: Yeah, seems boring but our server mentioned how great the fresh pasta, scratch made sauce and basil was, so I went for it. I'm glad I did because the pasta was perfectly al dente and the flavors were completely on point without being overwhelmingly tomato-y. Again, portions are very small here - even for the pasta. Perhaps a 1-1.5 cups of pasta for $24...that's pretty steep...albeit delicious. \n\nWould I go back to Scarpetta? Absolutely. It's creative and delicious Italian fare in a gorgeous restaurant. Give it a try...and bring your credit card :)
It's hard not to be bowled over by the sweeping Crags of the Holyrood area, and the immenseness of Arthur's Seat at the centre of Holyrood Park. I've been running here a few times, and on one occasion there was this amazing fog and mist hanging over the large expanse of water on the route round Arthur's Seat, and the whole area just felt absolutely haunting and amazing. I do feel we're really lucky in Edinburgh to have places of such natural beauty, so close and accessible from the centre of town. \n\nThe Holyrood area also encompasses The Scottish Parliament, exhibition centre Dynamic Earth, and Holyrood Palace. I'm a little bit ashamed to say I've never been to Holyrood Palace, or maybe I did go on one of those school trips I can't remember, but it's one of those scenarios where I always say I will go, but when something's on your doorstep, you put it off. However, I definitely have been to The Scottish Parliament, worth a look so you can form an opinion, if you wish, on the controversial expense of the architecture, but I more enjoyed peering into the Debating Chamber and chilling there for a while.
So, I guess I can't really hold grudges against places I go to all the time. We're in Scottsdale quite a bit because my guy's father lives over there. This Louis Vuitton is also well stocked and the sales associate are really friendly. We like dealing with Jocelyn when she's in. I haven't bumped into that rude manager since last fall. AND they give out water that have regular screw on caps now instead of the pierre with the metal cap so hopefully, no one will ever get water leaked onto their brand new purses ever again!
actually really like this place, but rarely come here. probably cause it's on the Mill \""strip\"" and just about everything else there is not like this place at all.\n\nthis is a fairly large pub complete with brass accented bar and hardwood floors. the food is super English/Irish with Shepard's Pie and other \""meat and potatoes\"" fare. not cheap, but it's unique and good, so it's worth it.\n\nthere is live music every weekend, and possibly during the week, too. i think weekends after 10 they start charging a cover, but it's only like $3. it can get really loud inside, especially with the live music, but thankfully, there's a huge outdoor courtyard area with a bar, which is where i spend my time there.\n\nthe crowd can be college, but not obnoxious college, it's a laid back crowd of students and older folk, too. the place can get pretty busy during the semester, and sometimes the wait at the bar is frustrating.\n\nall in all, it's a cool place, especially among all the other trashy, club-like places that abound in that area. i only knock off a star for the terrible indoor acoustics and bar service during peak hours, which can't really be helped anyway.
We ate here two years ago and everything was fantastic. Ate here last spring after they added 'Steakhouse' to their name and the food and service went downhill. The witch doctor cocktail is still worth the visit though.
Had dinner here with my wife recently. The food and service were good. I had the chicken and chorizo paella which was good. The flan was excellent. The entertainment was decent. We thought the restaurant was kind of homey and similar to restaurants in Northern Spain.  We used a groupon but will definitely return because many of their dishes looked very good.
The fair is here ! The fair is here!
Friendly staff here with well-stocked products.  They carry some good quality guinea pig and rabbit foods from Oxbow, which is very nice.  Making returns are easy, and whenever I bring my dog here the cashiers always give him a milkbone to go!
Carl's Jr.  Is comfort food from my childhood, and I'll always eat there when I can.
Under New Ownership. Owner is very friendly and nice. Slight issue with our order once we got home, which she corrected upon our return (we live right around the block) and she even went above and beyond to slip in a free dessert. Thank you! Very nice service. Good Food and generous portions.
International House. While all of the hotels draw visitors from around the world, this seems to be especially true of the Stardust. While dining at the breakfast buffet, I overheard accents from England, Germany, France, and noticed a plethora of guests from Asia (not unusual) and Africa (not African American). The concierge desk carries free copies of Japanese Tourist magazine.\n\nNot that there's anything wrong with that.\n\nThe Stardust is another throwback to the heyday of the Rat Pack and the Mob, but it seems to have held up better than some of its contemporaries. It is, I must note, the last refuge of polyester pants, particularly in pastel colors. The buffet is decent, and coupons in the magazines available on site offer $2 off.\n\nNot that any of this matters, as the \""resort\"" is scheduled for implosion at the end of 2006.
It is so tricky to rate Eest because it is still not the kind of Chinese food I love from back home in California.  I don't know why it is so dang hard to find tasty Asian food here in the valley, especially in the west.  I honestly prefer Abacus Inn...but it is no where near close enough to my house.  \n\nFor being shoved in a corner of an almost dead strip mall, it is a jewel.  The decor is much nicer than most places like it and there is a ton of space.  You can tell the owners take pride in their restaurant.  \n\nWe ordered their egg drop soup and while it was pretty good, I did have to add some salt to it for taste.  The veggies in it were almost too big to eat with a soup spoon too, which was a little annoying...but I still enjoyed it.  I got the Sizzling Mongolian Beef and wish I would have asked for it to be spicier.  The waitress warned me that people say it is too hot and so I asked her to make it mild...well, it was so mild it wasn't spicy at all.  Wah!  We did really like their sweet and sour chicken as well.  Our order of pork fried rice was also worth it.  I definitely want to go back and order other dishes on their menu.  They give you huge portions that make for a great lunch the next day.
Good food, good service!  We go here a lot!
I came here last Friday with a small group for some drinks and entertainment. The bartenders here have amazing voices!! It's a nice alternative to hitting the club when I'm in town. \n\nWhat bothered me was the group of hags sitting next to us blowing their cigarette smoke in our direction. Go smoke outside bitches!! The place is a little small and the layout of the place makes it difficult for the people sitting near the entrance to see who's performing. The drinks weren't as strong as I would have liked it but it's fine.\n\nDon't tell Mama, but I have the hugest girlcrush on Dre!!! I'm totally in love with her!! She has an incredible voice and knows how to engage the crowd. I loved her Lady Gaga number. She is full of talent and has a great sense of humor. I even got to shove money down her pants!!\n\nOverall, this place was a nice new experience. I would definitely love to go back the next time I'm in town.
I have played allot of courses in Vegas but his one was the in the best condition I have ever played. Clubhouse and pro shop id below average but I don't go golfing for that. I payed $25 for twilight 18, cart, and range...great price for a nice track plus booked online and got 2 free beers.
So I like the steak and shakes in Florida, and now that I'm in California this location at Southpoint is the nearest one to me. Each time I've been here, I always get the double steak burger, fries, and a shake. \nThe prices are fairly cheap and you can get a triple steak burger and crispy skinny fries for $3.99!\nBest time to eat it is when your food is still hot, and whether you order it to go or eat there, don't forget your big thick shake! If you can't decide on one flavor for your shake, they can do two flavors poured side by side!
Zen Curry hands down has some of the best customer service compared to a lot of other Asian restaurants in Vegas. While the size of the store makes it feel a bit cramped at times when it's busy, I can let it slide since whenever I eat there I always end up feeling a bit better than when I left.\n\nBut let's get to the nitty gritty -- the food. I love curry and I'm not a stickler from where it comes from. Amongst all the places I've tried curry from (Thai Noodle House, Surangs Thai Kitchen, Mt Everest, Shuseki, and various Korean restaurants) I think Zen Curry's is my favorite. The curry itself has a nice density to it and the flavor always stands out. Combined with large portion sizes at a decent price, eating here won't break the bank.\n\nThe menu itself is pretty simple (katsu, pork, steak) but they have a large board that has some specials in terms of what meat or addons you can get for your curry.
We love Indian food. So we were excited when this place opened up.. We finally made our way to try it last week and it was so good!!! It was expensive for dinner and granted we had a gift certificate that we purchased online at restaurants.com. However, it was really good and worth the money. The garlic nan, chicken tikki marsala and some lamb dish that we got was amazing. We will be eating here again.
Snooze is certainly helping with Town & Country's revival. It took me a while to come here due to the atrocious wait, so after the hype died down I finally tried it. The wait, which is pretty much the only negative, isn't too bad because they take your phone number and will text you when they're ready. It's nice that they have this option, because your not chained inside waiting for your name to be called. They have complimentary coffee while you wait, or you can always go over to Nordstrom Rack next door where I can easily kill 45min - an hour. So while the wait can be long, it's in the most painless way possible.\n\nAs for the food, I usually go the healthy route. The Snooze Continental which contains grapefruit br\u00fbl\u00e9e is amazing, I'm slightly obsessed with grapefruit br\u00fbl\u00e9e and will always order this if I see it on the menu. The pairing of vanilla yogurt with fruit and granola is equally as good. I've also had the Lower East Side which is good if you want to go the savory healthier route. As for the not so healthy, I decided to cheat one day and ordered the Blueberry Danish Pancake with Bacon & Barbacoa breakfast tacos. Oh man, I'm sorry I made this bad calorific decision because it will be so hard not to order either one of those again! The pancake was to die for! It was a fluffy pancake with a lemon ricotta filling, blueberry sauce and to top it off it was sprinkled with Danish crumbles!  \n\nIf you have a leisurely day and aren't concerned with time constraints, then I highly recommend trying out Snooze.
I had no idea Westworld was so big! I visited Westworld for the first time today to attend Barrett Jackson and really enjoyed the atmosphere. Everything is organized, clean and executed nicely. The venue space is very large and can easily hold 30,000. It was seamless to get into the venue and very easily to get a cab on the way out.
Great 50's style diner.  My wife and I go here at least twice a week.  We really like the salad bar and their breakfasts are awesome. My 2 favorite things to get are the corned beef hash skillet and the country fried steak and eggs.  The best thing I found here is that you get a lot of food for the money. I don't know many places where you can walk out stuffed to the gills (2 people) for under 20 bucks.
The sushi here is outstanding and the sushi chefs know what they are doing. They prepare everything fresh, and the happy hour menu is a big plus.\n\nOutside of the chefs, service is lousy. The host staff spends its time flirting with customers, and ignoring the common man, and they go out of their way to butter up to the more glitzy customers who dress for success, and if you dont fit their image of the Biltmore, you are out of luck.\n\nStick with sitting at the sushi bar and directly relating to the chefs, and you should have no problems
I went to Slice of Vegas and was very impressed.  The ambiance was classy yet chill.  The food was wonderful.  We ordered two pizza's upon recommendation of our server David (who was great by the way) and they were gourmet quality.  The salad was fresh and tasty and cannoli for desert was the best!  Don't forget to try the Bannana Bread beer.
Like all all you can eat places, don't expect the best quality food. I mean, you get what you pay for right???\n\nI think this place is great - it is opened actually, not sure why it says this place is closed. The restaurant looks trendy inside and its actually kid friendly! The food is decent and the service is good.
Nice stop on the way back to California. They took good care of us, great hot stone with the pedicure.  I highly recommend this family on establishment.
Great food and service. It's a buffet with all you can eat of good beef kalbi.  Spicey pork is great also. I'd say a limited selection of side dishes a white kimchi and standard red. Both were good.  Pickled onions and also one of my favorites garlic stems.  But no roasted black beans and spinach or other common korean side dishes.  The marinades were good not overly salty. I'd eat there again and highly recommend. Big meat eaters this is the place.
Can't beat the price for an afternoon or morning of play for the kids! The new snack bar is great and I like that there are rooms for the smaller kids to play away from the more rambunctious older kids.  I wish it was closer but we'll worth the drive to let my girl run and play till she nearly falls asleep on her feet!
Everything I've ordered from here has been pretty good. I will often stop here when I don't feel like cooking and the food comes out fast. The atmosphere isn't the greatest, but I'd you're doing take out that shouldn't be an issue.
Good Fish, great prices.
I came here for lunch on Saturday, and was happy with what I had experienced.  Upon entering, I was seated in the front with my guest, and we were greeted by our server.\n\nI did not get a chance to walk around the place to observe it, but I have to say, the service was amazing.  We had a wonderful lady who was probably old enough to be our mom waiting on us.  (thats complimentary.)  She was genuine, kind, and was one of a kind.  \n\nI ended up ordering the tuna melt, and could not decide what kind of bread to get.  I asked our server, and she had suggested sourdough, because she said that I would get a bigger sandwich.  Sold!\n\nI enjoyed this place, even though it has more of a bar feel.  its reasonably easy to spot from the road, and our service was excellent.  I would gladly return for lunch or dinner to this place.\n\nThe only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5, is becuase  the interior is somewhat dark, and its more of a bar feel then a resturant feel.  I would see myself going here for a night out for drinks, but the food here was good, and service made it even better.
The Charcoal Room at Santa Fe Station: Cutting to the Chase\n\n  The pretzel bread sticks are fabulous, arriving at the table piping hot, soft and salty.  I ate the two that were in the bread basket.    None for my boyfriend.  There was other bread in the basket, though.\n  The Caesar salad is good, with small pieces of crusty bread as the crouton-like accompaniments.  A generous helping, I didn't finish it because I wanted to leave room for the main course.\n  The half roasted chicken is tasty.  I ate the breast and took the leg/thigh home.  That sounds a little strange.\n  The baked sweet potato is huge!  Regular butter and cinnamon butter are provided; put them on the spud, watch them melt, and consume. I ate half there and took the other half home, too.\n  This is a great place for date night, which we had the night we went.\n  The service is attentive. The manager came by our table and checked on us.\n  Sunday night was so steady for them that there were no booths available, so we were seated at a round table that sat four.  I always prefer booths unless with a large group of friends. Not that we are the type of couple to sit side by side in a booth when it's just us, because that's weird, but I didn't feel like waiting. Reservations are suggested just in case, which we had.\n\n   Caesar salad+ lobster corn chowder + half chicken + petit filet mignon + sweet potato + asparagus + sauteed mushrooms = $85.00\n  We were very full when we left with our doggie bag.\n  The end.
Tried them again.  Nope.  They think they're going to win by aggression?  Not in this decade!
I have been here a couple times. The first time I went it was still under the Shanghai Palace name. I heard that Shanghai Palace was the only place in town that had soup dumplings. When I went I turned out the place changed hands to Tottie. Well I had already made my trip there from the air port. My friend who was with me who is also a chef decided to try out some of their dim sum and some apps. The dim sum items were over steamed and were dried out on top. Even the eggrolls were horrible. We noticed the sushi bar and the millions of items on the menu. I would never order something that not the specialty for the restaurant. I mean yeah asian fusion is good when done right but this place is far from that. It is just a bunch of different types of Asian food and non of it is fusion just traditional done wrong!\n\nThe second time I went I decided to give them a shot. I heard their Pho was good. Although I think Tottie is a Thai specialty. Well I have to say that not only was the service mediocre and we had to keep asking for water, I found a long, I mean real long, knotted hair in my pho. Of course I find it at the end of my meal and I nearly threw up on the table when I pulled out the hair from my mouth. \n\nNot only is the food horrible, it's dirty and service sucks. I can handle bad food if the place was clean and they had good service. I don't think I ever saw any of the staff wash their hands after touching their hair, face or what not before serving food. Gross. You will never see me back here again. This might be a harsh review but I gave them 2 chances.
update since our last visit: too expensive and not worth the value or visit for bland steamers, oysters, and bits of fries.
I've been to this nail salon for a while now but some lady by the name of Jackie did my nails and i had a horrible experience so never again! She was so rough with my hands and every time she was done looking at one hand she would throw it instead of gently going to my next hand. Another thing about this nail salon is that they always change their prices and I've been going here for maybe 6 months now. I get the same thing all the time and they always change the prices up on me and one time i confronted them about it they were just stuttering and hesitating and making up lame excuses. Another thing that bothered me was that Jackie was so rough with my hands she had cut my finger and i was bleeding. I don't know about you but there should be no reason why there would be a cut not anywhere near your nail, it was on my knuckle. Another thing was that i asked if she could just draw a cross which is 2 lines and she couldn't even do that so i got charged more for a damn 3d cross that i did not want. I will never be going here ever again and i was a loyal customer who always tipped $10 no matter what but no thanks I'm good!
Awful service and selection! So lazy when you actually find something to buy you wait at the register for a few minutes and then you walk all the way to the backroom to break up the employees' amazing conversation and the rude worker says \""go to the register\"" and waves his/her hand at me, this occurred more than once bWow no someone lacking any people skills...this is the place for them
I have to agree with the other reviews. \n\nI lived here from January 2008- January 2009.\n\nThis place blows and I absolutely hated living here.\n\nThe units are outdated, dark, and depressing.  If you live on the first floor you have no wall on your patio, aka no privacy. Kitchen appliances were terrible, carpet was cheap and uncomfortable. If you don't have a washer dryer in your unit, there's only one public laundry room that had 4 washers and 4 dryers, for like 800 people. \n\nThe PARKING. UGH!!! The worst. If you live here, you only get one assigned covered parking space. Mind you, there are only about 12 \""free\"" parking spaces. So, if you have a roommate, you guys are screwed. If you want to have friends over, tell them to get a ride or take the bus! \n\nWhen we moved out, we were charged $900 for \""damaged carpet\"". We never had pets, weren't smokers, maybe had 2 or 3 stains on the carpet. $900, what a scam! Had we known we would've replaced it ourselves before moving out for half the price! When we tried to inquire as to what the damage was they wouldn't return our calls or speak to us about it. \n\nThey also have a pretty open pet policy, No weight restrictions, so I was basically always stepping in huskey shit. Not their fault if people don't clean up after their dogs, I understand, but honestly this must be one of the only complex's in Scottsdale that doesn't have weight restrictions for pets. Which sounds like a good thing? Maybe to people that are cruel and think it's okay to have one or  more 50+ pound dogs in a tiny space. I however think if you have large dogs you should live, I dunno, in a house? Maybe one with a back yard?\n\nThe only reason to live here is because it's somewhat cheap. This place made me never want to live in apartments ever again, and I haven't since.
So I love the CPK in Palm Springs, CA which was why I decided to have lunch at the CPK at the Las Vegas airport.  The service was TERRIBLE.  The wait staff went to tables around me several times until I finally flagged down the hostess to ask if she could send a server over.  Also had to ask for my check and no one came by after dropping off my meal to refill water or ice tea or ask how the food was until I was leaving.  Basically I get is was a service 101 fail.
What a dump! On our first visit our service was OK until another patron took off her shoe and cleaned her toe nails with a knife and fork at the table. The server didn't see a problem with this. The food on that visit was bland and tasteless. Unfortunately there was a second visit. I had no choice but to meet a friend there. The service was OK but somewhat lackluster and my food arrived raw. I sent it back and got a burned plate of food. At 45 years old I was, by far, the youngest person in the place. I think that Maple Tree saw its best days many, many years ago....
I wouldn't rent from them again. I booked a hertz car via hotwire. When I arrived at Hertz LV, the agent I worked with totally lied to me and said they were charging the daily car rental fee - when really it was a completely unnecessary insurance charge. So I ended up paying for that plus the original hotwire booking. And of course Hertz customer service was unwilling to refund any of the charges. So beware. If you end up with them via hotwire or kayak, just book everything via hotwire and decline any options through Hertz. Don't listen to their booking agents.\n\nI've rented from that location previously and have never had a good experience. Like the car I had last year had some maintenance issues, and the line for checkin is always ridiculously slow. So there are probably better options in Las Vegas.
I just ordered from this store.  I've enjoyed their pizza multiple times in the past, but they have grown faster than their management could handle.  The employees were rude taking the order then didn't deliver our order of chicken wings.  When I called back they said it was  \""on top of their stove\"" and said that it was totally their fault for not including it with our order. \n\nWhat blows me away is that despite acknowledging it was their fault, they said they couldn't spare a delivery driver to bring it to us.  Unreal.  We paid for it.  They didn't give it to us.  Real businesses fix their mistakes.  The manager said it was my fault for not checking the order thoroughly before paying.  Perhaps, it was...but who does this?  This is a new business.  They used to be good, but they simply aren't anymore.\n\nPlease, spend your money elsewhere.
This is NOT NY PIZZA!\n\nI came here only once for lunch, and tried the pizza here for the first time. 2 slices of sausage, and a dinner salad. Both slices were thicker than your basic delivery chain pizza. The pizza was very thick crust, puffy and chewy, and the sausage was little balls of meat that tasted like it was from a frozen pizza. \n\nOverall the pizza was NOT very good!\n\nThis place should never call itself a NY Pizza joint. Thick crust IS NOT NY PIZZA!!!!!!!!!!! \n\nWow it's truly is a crime to call this NY Pizza!
No!!!  Local Police told us it's the heroin capital of Charlotte.  Crack, meth, prostitutes & homocides - checked out immediately.  Not worth our lives to save a few bucks.
To say I had an incredibly\nFrustrating and drawn out ordeal with this location would be an understatement. \n\nLet me preface with the fact that I'm a huge fan of the other thai basil locations and will continue to frequent the other locations. I will never go back to this location despite how close it is to me and how excited I was that it opened.\n\nI ordered pick up to take to my girlfriend as a nice gesture to save her from cooking dinner. When I got to her house and opened our order (chicken pad Thai and beef green curry- our go to every time at every location) and there was one piece of meat in the curry. One whole piece. There were zero pieces of chicken in the pad Thai.\n\n I figured I must have picked up the wrong food so I called them back. The managerTo say I have had an incredibly\nFrustrating ordeal with this location would be a severe understatement. \n\nLet me preface with the fact that I'm huge fan of thai basil and will continue to frequent the other locations. I will never go back to this location. \n\nI order pick up everytime and the first two times everything was fine. The third time, I ordered pick to take to my girlfriend as a nice gesture to save her from cooking dinner. When I got to her house and opened our order (chicken pad Thai and beef green curry) and there was one piece of meat in the curry. One whole piece. There were zero pieces of chicken in the pad Thai. I figured I must have picked up the wrong food so I called them back. The manager apologized and said next meal would be comped since I didn't have time to go back and have them  apologized and said the next full order would be comped since I didn't have time to go back and have them remake it. Reasonable solution in my opinion and I was happy again.  I asked the manager to please make sure her team knew about our meal and she assured me I wouldn't have any issues redeeming my meals when I called back.\n\nTwo weeks later, I decided to take thai basil up on the standing offer. Except no one knew what I was talking about when I called in. The man I spoke with said he'd have to call the manager to check and would call me back. No call after an hour so I called again. He said she remembered only one of our entrees having a mistake. I was frustrated and gave him my contact info to have the manager call me directly.\n\nShe never called me back so I called again a few days later and I had got the same \""I have to check with the manager\"" from a girl this time, followed by no phone call, so I called back again 30 minutes later. Same story about one meal so again I gave this girl  my contact info and let her know I expected a call back this time. Again, no call.\n\nMy ask was very reasonable- a simple call back so we could have a conversation about this specific incidence and the manager either felt it was unnecessary or the staff did not inform her. Either way the service is inexcusable and for a new location that is constantly empty, this is not the way to win over repeat customers.
The last time I ate here I immediately got food poisoning and was ill.  Never coming back!!!!
My flight was cancelled and had to stay. They offered a \""distressed rate\"" and the staff was nice and friendly. However the rooms are from the 1980's. The furniture looks like it belongs n a Motel Six. The carpets are frayed, the walls and doors are beat up, the hallway carpets are in need of replacing. Upper management should be ashamed to have not upgraded the rooms years ago.
I would have given this store zero stars if possible.  The employees lack zero amount of professionalism and lie to you because they think they're telling you what you want to hear.  Don't waste your time.  Well, you can if you'd like.  \n\nI would never go back and spend another $2,000 + on a bed.  I'd go anywhere else.\n\nHowever I do have a tip, if you want to purchase a bed, go in and tell them you're interested but then tell them you want to shop around more- they'll negotiate a better price to keep you in the store.  They might also offer you free delivery.  This is just something that I saw while waiting to have my exchange completed.\n\nGood luck.
Absolutely awful. I would mention our severs name but it was never given. After the first hour of asking for him 3 times just to order drinks, we somehow received a bread basket 1.5 hours later 2 minutes prior to the meal. Never saw our server again... Not for a napkin, not to check in, not for more drinks, and not even to see if we wanted dessert in celebration of my friends birthday. He simply dropped the bill on the table and walked away. As a local- even just as a patron, the service was appalling. On our way out, my friend appropriately made a comment to the hostess in hopes that management would be made aware to which he was given the response \""I'm sorry but there's nothing I can do.\""\n\nWaste of time money space and unfortunately a special occasion. Gordon Ramsay may be a good chef, but his business sense is absolutely pathetic.  Mr Ramsay, you've been CHOPPED!
This place has horrible customer service!!!\nI went to this location today to buy all new appliances for my kitchen. \nI was approached by a salesman and I told him I was just looking around for now so he gave me a business card and left me to shop. Later on I had a quick question about a refrigerator but that salesman was busy.\nI went to another salesman sitting in the area to ask my question but he told me\n\""We r paid on 100% commission and you are \""his\"" customer so I'm not getting paid to help you! You will have to wait until he is done helping those other customers and ask him!\"" Can you believe that! Needless to say I took my business elsewhere.
I want to warn everyone out there to NOT use this bakery for any special event!! I ordered 100 cupcakes for my recent wedding and confirmed my order (including the remainder of payment) with Slade, the owner, one week before. Slade assured me that although he would be out of town on the day of my event, my cupcakes would be delivered to the wedding site the morning of the ceremony/reception. On the day of the wedding, however, there were no cupcakes! They never showed up. According to a bakery employee (the day after the event), the person responsible for bringing them did not have a key to get into the bakery, as the locks had recently been changed. I can understand that these things happen, but what really upset were two things... 1)no one from the bakery bothered to call us or even the location where the wedding was held to help problem solve a new dessert; we were left on our own to scramble at the last minute. 2)I had to call Slade (when I returned from my honeymoon to NO message from him and NO refund of my money as of yet) to insist upon my money back. And, to add insult to injury, NOT ONCE did he ever even apologize or attempt to express even the slightest tone of remorse for the troubles his business caused us on my wedding day. If anything, he sounded taken aback that I was upset and put-out at my insistence that the money be refunded that day. I have never dealt with anyone who so blatantly cared less about his customers! I repeat... DO NOT USE THE WICKED WITCH BAKERY FOR ANY SPECIAL EVENT! \n\nOne additional note... I called Slade back on Thursday (10/30) as no credit had yet showed pending on my account. He informed me that he had not put it through on Tuesday (as he had promised) but had \""just done it this (Thurs) morning.\"" When I stated that I was perturbed that he had not found it a priority to refund my $$ for services that his business did not provide, he became defensive and nasty once again and basically hung up on me! He called me back about an hour later (all nice and sweet this time) giving me the credit invoice numbers and told me that he \""had just put them through.\"" Sooo... not only did he not bother to refund my money the first time as promised, but then he lied to me about having done it Thursday morning before my call. This man can not be trusted!! I don't know about the rest of you Yelpers, but I think business integrity is more important than cupcake taste. I plan to stay faaaaaaaaaaar away from the Wicked Bakery.
I mean besides the hair i pulled out of my burger its good....
I think we went on a bad night.  I've been to LAX once before, granted it was a couple years ago, and it wasn't a bad experience...but this last time...YIKES!!  \n\nI don't think I've seen so many guys in one, small, crowded space in my life!  Two seconds in, I understood why there were no girls...these dudes were SCARY desperate.  It seriously looked like the zombie apocalypse and each girl was the next meal...these poor girls were swarmed by these crazies!  I was there with my hubby, his friend and a few nice girls we met at Cathouse earlier that night.  I genuinely felt scared for our new friends...lol.  I went into Momma Bear Mode.\n\nNeedless to say, we didn't last very long in there.  I might've stayed longer if it wasn't so late... and if I had a taser.\n\nOther things to note:\nThe music was top 40 and it was mixed kinda strange...like not very smooth, I guess.\nThe door staff was pretty friendly.\nThe venue, itself, is a decent size although a bit messy.\nIt was pretty late when we went, so that was probably a factor...girls were sparse cuz they'd already given up and gone in for the night; the guys left were probably extremely tired and intoxicated (which explains the zombie-like behavior, somewhat).\n\nAll my gracious understanding aside, I still doubt I'll be returning...
I,m from New York this is not pizza!
I use to like this place when it was the Canteen the music was great, atmosphere was chill, and it was a good place to dance until they turned it into el hefe and tired to turn it into Scottsdale in Tempe! now its overcrowded, bouncers are jerks and racist, drinks are pricey, you can't dance anymore because its overcrowded, and the food sucks. I use to go in there but its pack with mostly with horny dudes and its hard to even get a drink in a 10 min time frame. plus if your not white or a chick they won't let you in because they will find an excuse to not let you in after waiting in line for like 30 mins! I don't recommend this bar unless your white and your jeans are girl jeans tight because the bouncers are horrible and are racists just because the color of the skin. I notice they let white people in with shorts, tanks, basketball shoes, jerseys, and baggy pants but minorities are more restrict because they don't like them in there Establishment.
Normally we do not do bad reviews, but this was so bad and customers should be warned.\nMy husband called in a pick up order that should have been ready by the time he got there, it wasn't. he was greeted and told it would just be a few minutes because they were fixing the his order. 10-15min later his food was ready and he was told his total was $84 ( the order was 3 hard tacos and two burritos) he said \""thats not right\"" the cashier said \""ya that's the total\"", he again said \""no\"" and she then fixed it with help for another worker. he then paid $30+ for the order and left 20min after arriving.\nOnce home the food was cold, the hard tacos were all soft tacos, the chicken burrito was unflavored shredded chicken and that's it there was absolutely nothing else inside and the chicken wasn't even seasoned, and the carne asada was like a normal burrito just cold, salsa was good, chips were just dry chips.\nMy husband called to explain that all the food was wrong even after he had already waited for them to \""fix it\"" when he arrived to pick it up. he was passed to three different people and the responses he received was no better then anything else. They said the don't give grande tacos as hard shells even though he clearly ordered hard and they stated that their chicken burrito is just shredded chicken roll up as a burrito in a tortilla. They said the carne asada burrito is a special burrito that's why it came with other stuff inside of it. The menu does not state what they say, so please be very careful when ordering so that you don't get surprise like we did with my dry shredded chicken in a tortilla. \nWe would have loved some apologies for the poor service and food but instead we received excuses and statements that this is how it is. We threw out most of the food, wasted $30, and we will not ever be back to Rudy's:(
Terrible!  Terrible!  Terrible!\nI went there on Saturday afternoon.  There were three employees and no one else in line.  I had a hunger for tuna fish, but I was told they did not have enough left to make a sandwich!  At lunchtime on a Saturday, with 3 employees standing around, and they had no tuna fish?  Unbelievable!  So I ordered a Ruben sandwich and waited about a half hour, when I saw them hand a sandwich to someone who ordered about 10 minutes after I did.  They opened it up and realized it was not their order, so they returned it and then an employee gave it to me with no apology.  I might still be a satisfied customer if the sandwich was at least good, but the meat (pastrami) was very chewy because it had been overcooked (overheated) in the microwave.\nFor a restaurant that specializes in sandwiches and considers itself a deli, it was incredibly disappointing.  I would not recommend them to anyone.
We tried to visit the oratory in August, 2013. We were a group of six elderly Americans eagerly climbing the hill to visit the church that we had read had no entrance fee. A very mean lady stopped us and told us we would have to pay the fee for guided tour groups. When we told her we were just a group of tourists she threatened to call security and rudely insisted that we leave immediately. This was a terrible experience for us. Had we walked in alone or by twos we would have walked right in to visit what we read is a beautiful structure!
If you've ever been in a Pittsburgh bar you will hate it here. They slapped photos on the wall in an attempt to make money from bandwagon fans. This place is as fake as their video poker machines.
We loved this store..... for about a month. Then they sold us fish KNOWING they had ick. We knew it was the new fish because they had spots first.  After trying two different medicines all but one of our fish died. We took back the ones we had gotten from petsmart and I said, \""hey I think your fish gave our tank ick\"" the employee responded with \""probably we found ick in one of our tanks and there's one fileter for all our tanks\"" I could not believe it. Why would you knowingly sell someone sick fish? They wouldn't even refund our money for the fish we had bought. If you ask me they should have payed for the rest of the fish they killed and the two bottles of medicine too! We will never go back.
Expensive, loud, abysmal service.  We went in on a Thursday night to celebrate our friends anniversary.  Although pleasant, the servers were slow, and I mean slow, not leisurely.  When our entrees came my plate was apparently delivered to the wrong table or the wrong end of the table, I don't know, but when it was placed in front of me there were 3 1/2 scallops.  You'd think if  someone ate half a scallop on a plate that you gave to the wrong person you would replace the dish. Not so. Nasty!  They did bring two more scallops but who knew where they had been?
Portions were really small. Food was bland. I usually get full from just eating an appetizer. I ate both app and entree and barely filled me up. Egg rolls were undercook because it's still pink on the inside so I decided to just give that to the dogs. This will be the first and the last time coming here. Maybe that's why only one table was filled and it was there own worker.. Haha! I'll stick to chinatown.
I purchased a Groupon deal for this company.  I was not very happy with the product I received.  I purchased 2 large order of shrimp.  First the shrimp smelled which I thought was unusual. Then I thought it was just me and tried to get rid of the smell by rinsing in lemon juice.  This helped, but I should have known to just return the product because I believe it made my husband sick.  I will no longer go to this establishment.  The prices were expensive considering the quality of the product.
This place is just horrendous. The first time I moved here we went looking for a good Mexican place to eat and found this place.  Our food tasted like it was microwaved and not authentic at all.  This is a white man's version of Mexican food. I might as well buy canned Mexican meals or frozen ones, much cheaper that way. Don't come here if you want a days long of stomach aches and regrets.
DON NOT go see XD in this theatre.  This theatre is one of the many of theatres in other city that's price gouging consumers due to the popular of 3D movies.  You'll be charge $15 but doesn't guarantee you'l be in one of their big screen or smaller screen.  If you must see a movie in 3D, there are some theatres like RAVE Motion that charges the 3d glasses separately from the ticket price.  This means you are not being charge a one time premium price doesn't matter if you see matinee or not.
Trust me when I say that the Jack-in-the-box across the street would serve you better than this place. First the perks which won the ONE star i so generously gave: TVs...and alcohol...and decent food. Maybe I am being a little harsh but someone has to be out of their mind to serve outdoor patio dining with absolutely no fans, misters, etc. The top floor is just as hot... and Don't be surprised if the table still has a mess from previous customers. I am astonished it is lasting longer than Payton's place with the terrible service. The one good-looking and friendly waitress there has moved on as I heard through the grape vine amongst the drama-thirsty, unmotivated and rude girls who somehow made it through the application process, which is why I won't be going back.
Work out your glitches before you open. This is for kids. Arcade games are juvenile and not challenging. Unorganized. Long lines. The 3D movie crashed two minutes in AFTER they took back our glasses cause the 3D wasn't working. The motion ride was carnival quality at best. OVERPRICED!!! For what you get. Two hours of my life never get back. Not to mention the silly revolving doors between tents where the person behind me shoved the door into my heel. Like the other commenters, I was so angry by the time I got to the end. no way was I paying a ridicules price for our pictures. Save your blood pressure and money. Look elsewhere for fun.
Horrible service and food. Worst beef Enchilada I have ever had, even I know Mexican Rice doesn't have peas and corn in it, and margarita tasted like it was poured from a can. This is not considered real Mexican restaurant in my eyes. Was definitely a waste of money!!
We found someone's dirty underwear in our room!\n\nCustomer service also failed! They told us that they would bring up the keys to our new room...We waited an hour and nothing, went down and got the keys ourselves.\n\nMissed our dinner reservations due to them saying someone was on their way up to the front desk and we didn't have to go down.
Ate here with a friend because we were starving and it was easy. ...not so fast. The place was filthy, wait staff ignored us for 15 minutes literally...I had to do the \""hey miss can we get some service thing\"" when she began helping people that had just sat down.\nThe food wad meh and frankly I couldn't get past the dirt factor. ....tables, floor, etc.  Neither one of us could continue.... her
first off their counter customer service is not good.  I stood there looking at the people behind the counter for quite a few minutes before someone finally asked me if I needed help.  I bought two white cupcakes, a brownie, and a chocolate eclair.  \n\nThe cake on the cupcakes tasted ok, but the frosting tasted terrible.  It tasted like shortening.  If I wanted shortening on my cupcake, I could of done that at home.\n\nThe chocolate eclair was terrible too.  The custard had no flavor at all and they used sugary chocolate buttercream frosting on top where as you usually use a different type of chocolate frosting.  The brownie was ok but Vons makes a better one at half the price.\n\nI don't mind paying high prices on good bakery items but this place is not good.  I can make better items at home.  Was visiting my mom in Henderson and did not have time to bake so went here.  Won't be back!  My mom's friend recommended this place and was very disappointed!  Will find somewhere else to go next time.
I started shopping at Buffalo Exchange over 30 years ago, and their offerings have gotten worse over time.  They used to have an outstanding selection of vintage clothing, and now it seems there is a lot of newer JUNK.  I have been completely unsuccessful when it comes to selling, so I don't even try anymore because I get insulted when I am offered $6 for a $200 item, and do not understand their reasoning for why they don't think most of my things will sell--yet, there is an amazing amount of REALLY UGLY STUFF on the racks.  I think the salespeople and \""buyers\"" are very ignorant about fashion.  All one has to do is look at how they dress...like bag people. \n\n3/30/13\n\nTELL YOUR CONDESCENDING MANAGER TO WASH HIS HAIR AND TAKE A SHOWER.  Just because you are promoting the alternative lifestyle, doesn't mean customers won't be offended by filthy, uncombed hair and such a slovenly presentation. GROSS!!! \n\nFINALLY GIVING UP ON THIS JOKE OF A PLACE :P
It's just sad, to be so excited to finally see a checkers and them to be so shitty. I ordered a big chicken club they assured me they had the right order and it wasn't. ..when I called to see if i could get some kind of something back for my wrong meal and super cold food they pretty much told me go fuck myself. Don't waste your time here cause the bad customers service and horribly cold food will just piss you off. Smh hopefully the right person see this and I can get back my 26$ we spent for something I would not eat in a zombie apocalypse.
The Allison is under new management and has totally gone down the drain.  Poor maintenance, too many dogs, trees that are falling down, paint peeling off the exterior of the bldg., a/c not working properly.  This bldg. is  over 25 yrs  old and is falling apart.  Management is rude and does not address tenant's concerns.
My experience here was horrible. \n\nWe drove by this place many times over the last couple months, and we finally decided to give it a try. We ordered the DJ, and the cowboy. Just two sandwiches... seems pretty simple right?\n\n45 minutes later, still no food. I walked up to the cashier and before I could even say anything, I could tell by the look on his face that he knew I had waited too long, and that this was a recurring problem. I asked him where my food was. He checked the ticket, and he told me they hadn't even started cooking it yet! I immediately asked for a refund and left.
Blech! This is the worst breakfast buffet I have ever had! Golden Corral was a much better buffet at half the price!\nThe biscuits were cold and hard, pancakes had no flavor, bacon was dripping in grease and the eggs were overcooked.\n\nIt is also self service on the drinks, so the only good part is you don't have to tip! I will never cheat on the Paris breakfast again.
If I could I would have given it zero stars. We waited in a line for a long time, finally got in and there were more workers than customers. No drinking within 4 feet of the pool. Bartenders not only didn't know how to pour a drink (they put orange juice into a margarita that was premixed) but also there were four of them standing with their backs to the crowd ignoring paying customers. After being in the pool for an hour they asked us to get out to check our bags, even though they had to look in them as we were coming in. Really they couldn't tell us to check our bags as we were going in, but had to kill our fun? It was a terrible experience.
I rather drive to a location across town then come to this Einstein Bagels.\nThey had 5 workers including 2 supervisors, they were all confused and did not understand what to do. \n\nMy boyfriend and I ordered the lox bagel with extra capers and a side of potato salad along with a strawberry lemonade. They were busy so I didn't mind waiting a bit longer on their slow service but the workers were just rude.\n\nWe got here around 11 on Saturday and they were mostly out of their bagels with a handful of bagels. As we go your bagels, they did not put extra capers and forgot out salad and drink. They looked at us as if we were idiots when we were waiting for the rest of our food. The potato salad was already premade and they just had to take it out of the fridge but they made us wait another 5 minutes. Our drink took another 5-10 minutes, probably would have been finished with our meal if we didn't wait. \n\nJust don't waste your time coming to the location.
After seeing a ton of tasti d-lites in NYC over the years, I finally decided to venture into one when I was at a conference in Scottsdale and it was at least 100 degrees.\n\nI love frozen yogurt more than ice cream so I figured this place would be awesome. \n\nEEK! METHINKS NOT!\n\nHere are the top 5 Low-Lights:\n1. 3.91 for a small cone! Dude, I can get a pint of ben n jerrys for this, or better yet just get a good ole cone for $1 at McDonalds.\n2. They only had 5 flavors when I went - I settled for Vanilla\n3. OMG the cone I got (I think it was a waffle cone with chocolate chips) was awful. The weirdest texture ever for a waffle cone. Very hard and not tasty at all.\n4. Service was good at first, but they were weird about giving me a cup when my cone started to tip over as I was paying ... I practically had to beg for napkins too (and they didn't even think of giving me a spoon once this ice cream was in the cup)\n5. I was told the product tastes very close to ice cream even though it looks more like fro yo. Whatever I thought - I like either. But when I started eating the ice cream, fro yo concoction, it was definitely more like fro yo, EXCEPT not even as good because of the texture. It was like there were tiny little ice chunks in this product. not appealing.
I have visited this location about 4 times. This place is horrible. The turn is too tight, my truck rear drivers side tire gets stuck every time. I have watched other sedans get stuck as well. The staff isn't friendly, and you feel like a problem when you're there.
Every time we go thru the drive thru. The guy that works the window always have a bad attitude like he doesn't want to be there. When we ask for green hot sauce he always seems irritated due to our request.
Given the loathsome politics of Sheldon Anderson, I refuse to stay or gamble at this casino...but, dear lord, I can't come to Vegas without eating breakfast at Bouchon or experiencing the majesty of a copy of Shakespeare's second folio at Bauman's Rare Books.\n\nPerhaps I'm a hypocrite.  \n\nPerhaps one negative review of this place doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things.\n\nRegardless.... if you care about such things, visitors really need to consider what will be done with the money you spend here.
So I received a gift certificate for this salon. Just walking in to the salon it was outdated smelled of mold and old chemicals. It took over 40 minutes just to get a pedicure. When I finally did. My feet just sat in hot water not even touched for 30 monutes. I was supposed to get a 45 dollar 40 minute message and pampering to my feet and all together I was given a quick 15 minutes lotion rub down on my legs and cuticle clip. The message chairs were old and busted. I will not go there ever again. I could have done a better job to myself blindfolded and drunk. I wouldn't even tell my worst enemies to go there!
This review is specifically for the Boston to Montreal and NYC to Montreal routes\n-------------------------------------------\n\nMoved to Montreal over the summer, and so far have taken the Greyhound bus b/w MTL and Boston 3 times and b/w MTL and NYC 2 times (round trip). \n\nGreyhound pretty much has a monopoly on transportation between Montreal and Boston. Plane fare is very expensive, there are no other buses, and no train. Other options are having one's own car, renting a car, or doing a ride share. \n\nThough Greyhound promises wifi, not once has there been wifi on these buses. One time there was spotty wifi for a few hours. Each time the bus driver says this is an isolated occurrence and they'll have it next time.  \n\nOtherwise, there have been issues with various avoidable delays and uncourteous drivers.\n\nThe last round trip to Boston, and Greyhound's response (or lack thereof), was so inclement that it has prompted me finally to write a review. \n\nIssues to Boston\n- Bus arrived an hour late \n- No Wifi \n- Bus was stopped at the border for 2.5 hours. Greyhound had no control over this. But the bus driver said that the bus was stopped for so long that her shift would be up soon and Greyhound would have to call in another driver. Greyhound chose not to send one right away, but to wait until an evening bus passed in the direction we were heading. We were stopped at one of those little strip mall areas off the highway for ages before a relief driver arrived \n- The trip, which was supposed to take 7.5 hours, ended up taking 13. This was due to Greyhound's decision not to send a relief driver until evening. Instead of 6:30 PM we got in after 11 PM \n\nIssues back to MTL \n- Bus arrived two hours late \n- No Wifi \n- Driver randomly said his shift was up and we'd have to wait for another driver to come, which took a long time\n- New driver had never driven this route before and was slow and got lost\n- Bathroom door was broken (couldn't be opened) for last third of trip & driver had to stop at a supermarket for people to use the bathroom \n- Trip took something like 11 hours \n\nGenerally, I don't like to complain or ask for refunds-- find it more work and grief than it's worth, just try a different service next time-- but this was too much. So I called Greyhound to ask for a refund, as I'm sure half the people on these buses did. \n\nGreyhound makes it quite difficult to find out how to request a refund. After some research, finally found out that to do so one must send a letter to their national headquarters in Dallas, Texas, including the original ticket(s). \n\nOne cannot send the original ticket(s), of course, because the driver collects them on the bus, and one cannot reprint them because they disappear on Greyhound's website after the day of the trip. \n\nCalled their relevant customer service line that deals with refunds to try to figure out how to print out the original tix or what to send them. Called three times, was put on hold for 20-40 min each time and hung up. Called their general #, was told I had been calling the correct one and should just keep calling back. Called that # a fourth time, someone picked up after 25 min or so, and put me through to the National Office, where I was on hold for 20 min.\n\nPerson at the National Office said I could place a complaint with them by phone. This took over an hour of them entering stuff into 'the system' and checking stuff-- and finally they told me that they would refund several hours of the trip. I explained that the issue was the general service and they should give a full refund, but they were adamant that they 'only refund for excessive delay times.' They prefer to issue the refund as a voucher; if you ask for it back on your card, they refund 'half the voucher rate.' \n\nIn short, the issue was not with any of the customer service people I spoke with, or even really with the drivers, who are just small cogs in the system, so to speak, but with the systematic bureaucracy, carelessness, and incompetence of Greyhound's higher-ups and business practices. (At least, when it comes to their Eastern routes b/w the US and Canada.)
The service is ridiculously slow. The food is good if you can get them to bring it to you. We went on a Monday for all you can eat dosas, but the service was so slow, we could only get about 1 dosa in a lunch hour.
I've been here over 20 times. I even brought friends! I've lost at least two thousand each time. My friends a $1000. I'm not coming back . Embarrassing!!!! At least let us play!!! This casino takes ur money within 20 min. Most casinos let u enjoy the night if u spend that much. This one sucks it up!!! Don't go!!!
I didn't get what all the hype was with this place so I took my boyfriend there tonight in time for their happy hour. Not so much of a HAPPY hour when all that is discounted is the 2-roll pieces. I wasn't impressed.\n\nWe ordered the simple California and Salmon rolls and it took over 45 minutes to get our food. This place is TINY, it wasn't packed, and their were two sushi chefs working.\n\nMy boyfriend's pepsi was flat, our waitress was horribly slow, and we paid $25 for average sushi. \n\nI've had better. See Pearl Sushi review.
Completely uncommon for me to rate Chipotle low, but tonight's food service and prep of the rice & beans was horrible resulting in a very poor tasting meal.   Note, just last week I rated this same Chipotle 4 stars and it was deserved, but tonight makes me think this place is VERY INCONSISTENT.\n\nI was third in a line of four people, not a very busy time at all.  Server was in a rush, a inexcusable whirling tizzy and she didn't steam my burrito well, gave me half portions of rice, black beans and chicken.  It sat there next to the guy in front of me who had ordered the exact same thing and mine was embarassingly small compared to his.  It was blatantly obvious how skimpy mine was as the two sat next to each other.\n\nShe was in such a flustered rush that after passing mine from her station to \""topping guy\"" and then not seeing it immediately move as it was queued up behind the guy in front that she returned to move both 6 more inches as if that would get things out of her sight.  It didn't, but who cares if it takes a few more minutes?\n\nBesides a lack of flavors, the textures were affected too.  When I received mine the tortilla hadn't been steamed well meaning it was thick and cold rather than the typical warm and soft texture.  The Cilantro rice is usually a highlight but dimished and completely lacked flavor.  Black beans were nearly missing so their normally sweet flavor was semi-absent and the cold, thick tortilla dough dominated the flavors of this Burrito.\nMany of the tables were dirty and hadn't been cleaned in a while.\n\nSorry I stopped by.  \nYou want to see the service staff that made this such a bad experience, look at the photo I posted.
No no no....Came to this place just because we wanted some food, but everything came out cold/luke warm..the buffalo wings were only ookkkayyy..and the steak nachos..just terrible. Just those two items and a drink came out to $40 - I would have rather had panda express or mcdonalds..5 times over.
Epic Failure!\n\nWent for lunch with a coworker. Sat for nearly 10 minutes without a waiter/waitress coming to our table. We watched people who arrived after us get their drink orders taken and delivered during that same time period. \n\nThe only time when we thought our waiter discovered us is when we got up to leave for a different restaurant. Someone was chasing after us as we walked to the elevator.\n\nThe hostess was equally clueless. She apparently didn't recognize us as the people she brought to a table only moments ago and asked if we enjoyed our lunch.\n\nThe place was only a third full at most. No reason for the extremely poor service.\n\nCan't wait until Sliders opens for the season!\n\nThis TGI Fridays is an epic failure!
------ZARKANA------What a disappointment (Epic failure) only reason why I'm so mad is because we paid over $350 to see this show. We purchased 2 tickets and 2 tickets were comped they were in section 104 row B for last Sundays show. This is the worst Cirque du Soleil performance I have ever seen. The performance acts were average, I have seen them before at Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus for a lot less. The clowns were not funny the costumes sucked, they need to remove the guy who sings. Please do not waste your money on this show go to Mystere instead. Cirque needs to change the acts or it will fail like the Elvis show too. The only positive thing about the show is the beautiful theater and the comfortable sofa we sat in
Hated this place.  Bad layout and weak/overpriced drinks. The only good thing is that the line moved fast.  \n\nIf you are in Vegas you should go somewhere else.  Where exactly? It doesn't matter.  This is the worst Vegas club I have ever been too so anywhere else will be better.
Worst car wash I ever got. The inside of my car is still dirty and dusty doesn't even look like I got a car wash. Should of gone to octopus what a waste of 20 dollars
If this establishment were located anywhere else it would die the death it so much deserves.  We waited for over an hour to be seated only to be served the worse bar food we have ever encountered, it's hard to screw up chicken wings but mcfaddens did a fine job in doing so. Not only was the food bad but we were offered plastic dinner ware because they ran out of the metal forks and knives.\nThere are to many other choices in the area to try,stay away from this place at all cost you'll be glad you did.
My family stopped by Fry's Supermarket a few doors down to pick up some groceries.  Seeing that there was as sushi restaurant nearby, I decided to pick up something.  I ordered a few items for take-out.  After looking at the menu, I noticed that they served Korean dishes as well.   Where are the prices for the rolls?  Okay.  I'll find out once I pay.\n\nThe salmon teriyaki came with miso soup that tasted like water with a few cubes of tofu.  Preserved Korean side dishes came with the entree, but the side dishes weren't ready yet.  They lacked flavor and taste.  The spicy scallop hand roll was really small and had very small scallops in them.  They are very limited menu for sushi rolls.  I forgot the name of the roll that I got, but it was supposed to be topped with raw salmon.  Where was my salmon?  Oh, it was cut paper-thin and some crab meat was covering it up.  They didn't mess up the CA roll.  I barely got any ginger or wasabi.  The rice used seemed different than rice normally used for making sushi.  \n\nI should've driven a few blocks to Hana Sushi.
Breakfast is good and good value.  The dinner is horrible. The food is not restaurant quality.  I was surprised that the Carbonara was so heavy and it was something that amazed me that the F&B manager would allow on the menu. It was just so surprising that the quality was so bad. Nothing special what so ever here.  And the waitstaff will fill your table with soda glasses so drink up!   Don't you love it when wait staff bring you the soda when THEY want to rather when YOU need it. \n\nThe food does not match the decor in any way.  The menu is good/interesting/nice, but the quality of the food does not live up to the menu, decor and everything else. \n\nGo somewhere else.
The one in Yuma, AZ was better. I had honey BBQ wings for appetizer, which were OK at best. For dinner had black and bleu burger. Didnt read menu close enuff, I guess. For $9 I got a \""slider\"" with bleu cheese dressing squirted on it. The bun was tastey...more of a dinner roll, actually. The burger was disgusting....like it was baked or microwaved or somthing. Service was friendly but slow. Took them 5 minutes to make a gin/tonic while at 40% capacity. The only thing that will drag me back into one of these restaurants is a mandatory work function. A shame since I really wanted to like this place.
absolutely disgusting.\ni dont know how people can eat this \""food\"". EXTREMELY GREASY, even when compared to mcdonalds..... (will give you the .... ). My burger was undercooked, i suppose this doesn't happen to everyone but made my burger unpleasant. \nThere \""fries\"" taste like lays potatoe chips, which is okay for some people i guess... \nThat is this New Yorkers final word and first and last time there.
More of the same... What ever has happened to America? We don't even need to talk about the price. Assinine. What a bunch of crap. This is Las Vegas is falling on deaf ears here.\n\nThe food was horrific. I have never in my life had such horrifically bland eggs. We both ordered omelettes.  How one can screw up a ham and cheese omelette is beyond me. I never thought it was possible until I ate here. \n\nI am done with this one. The food was absolute shit. I don't eat at McDonald's. Haven't in 16 years. I will go there before I eat the shit this place produces.
4.10.10: Harrahs Overbooked, what a freaking nightmare, The room we got was a smoking room and it was handicap. The room smelled very horrible, it was like I stepped into a smoke oven. We could not breathe. They could not change rooms for us but for some odd reason they were able to check people in. The bathroom was extremely ridiculous; it was something I have never seen before. Since it was a handicap room there was no separation between the showers and the rest of the bathroom. So if someone took a shower the dirt and nasty stuff can spread all over the entire restroom, it was very visible. The dirt and grime were all over the floor, we were all scared to take off our shoes. It was really disgusting. We were promised another room but not until the next day. So we did what we did best, stayed up all night and avoid sleeping in that nasty room. However that lasted only so long, we were tired. Went back to the room around 6:30 in the morning and slept. Of course the air conditioning broke during the first hour of our nap. Great! We were sleeping in cigarette smell, we have a restroom you can walk into, it was about 90 degrees out and now our air conditioning broke. What's next? Our friend woke up around 8am and we had him go straight to the front desk so we can move to a new room. Luckily we received a new one, but the place looks shabby. Well at least the air conditioning worked. This was actually my first time I have ever stayed at Harrahs. Paris and all the other related hotels was booked. Never again Harrahs, never !!!
I wish I had a 'to be fair' line I could throw in here, but it's impossible. My wife and I ate at the Golden Steer on 5/16/13 (Her review is before the Golden Steer plant's review below mine.), and the food was simply horrible. For starters, we sat at the Marilyn Monroe table. Yes, the place has been open for a while, but they do stress the old star-power a bit much, making one wonder of the quality of the food. You'll see why I say this: \n\nWhen the bread and butter was brought out, we were eating it and noticed a really strange flavor. I tasted the butter on its own, and it tasted as if it had sat in the fridge for a very - very long time before being brought to our table. Sure we wanted to sit in Marilyn's booth, but we did not want to eat the same butter that was served to her!!! Right then and there I wanted to get out as fast as possible. Nevertheless, we decided to overlook this, notify the waiter, and give them another chance. He didn't bring out any more bread and butter, hence the bad butter must've been all they had. NOTE: Steak is often cooked with butter....\n\nThe ceasar salad came out and it was prepared at the table. We passed on the raw egg, which I feel is a wise move after reading previous reviews alleging salmonella. Barring that, the salad was edible. \n\nI ordered the ribeye medium rare, and my wife ordered the porterhouse steak. Mine actually was tasty, though bloody and borderline raw. My wife's porterhouse, on the other hand, was a different story. She told me her steak tasted a bit off, similar to liver. I took a taste. To me it tasted like pee! I spit the bite into my napkin.   The waiter attempted damage control by bringing her a slab of prime rib. She didn't like it. I tasted it, and it was bland, unsalted, and I have had better at $15 buffets - time and time again. \n\nI really wish I didn't have to write such a scathing review, but this place is priced like an exclusive fine-dining establishment, yet prepares food like as if to act in direct defiance of the health dept. We will not be returning.
I can't rate the experience because I didn't really get one. Here is what I can rate: \n\nI went to try H.B. for the first time on Monday (3/25). When I got there, they took my name and the host said 10 minutes. I came back 15 minutes later, and the same host said another 10 minutes. I came back 10 minutes later and a hostess said I still had 2 names ahead of mine and she apologizes \""we are waiting for the servers to catch up\""\n\nI looked inside and there were plenty of seats. I said \""why not bring people off the curb and offer them drinks at least.\"" To which she replied \""sorry, just what my manager said\""\n\nSo I called Citizen Public House and they prepared a table for me on the spot. (IT WAS MONDAY) I won't be trying again. Figured I would mention it, as it could have been easily correctable: \""hey can we get you a drink at the bar while you wait\"" or \""Hey my apologies, we are very understaffed, can we seat you and offer you a beverage\""
I used to think this place was awesome, but the quality of their washes has gone way down over time.  I will admit that I usually get the $5 exterior wash, but I still expect the car to be relatively clean when it's finished.  The past three times I have gone there, the car was covered with water spots and the people drying the car just lightly ran a cloth over the car and considered it \""clean.\""  Needless to say after the third time, I called and complained.  I explained what happened and all I got was a \""Well, sometimes our employees aren't the best.\""  They did nothing whatsoever to try to fix the issue.  Not a \""sorry\"" or anything.  Needless to say, I'm going to a better car wash now.
I just got back from Vegas today and a bunch of us went there last night and had a nasty dinner!! Took 15 minutes for us to get our drinks then another 8 to order food!!  Pretty pricy for food especially food That was so bland!!We ordered chips and salsa that we never got and tortilla soup that we never got and I had 2 small short hairs in my steak and chicken tacos(they were gross, no flavor) and they came and took it away promptly, told me I wouldn't be charged for it( of course) and bought me a beer! My friends all ate their food because they were drunk but they all hated it too! I will never go there again and I hope I can save others from having the same experience as us!!!
Worst ever services! Food is ok. You are basically forgotten when sitting in. Avoid if you can!  Bad experience and angry feeling.
really wanted a sub. and saw this place driving by on a road trip. thought I would support small business at the same time. but they don't even seem to have SUBS. The food was horrible- I think they served me fries from the day before and they weren't even reheated.  The staff was rediculously unfriendly... it's like the 70s down here still ;-/\nWish I got the WO memo on this place and not wasted my money, just threw that food in the trash, didn't even want my dog to eat it.
Major disappointment. I don't understand how 1000 people have this an average of 4 stars. And I really don't understand how Cirque would want this show attached to their good name. Even though it was too much, I could deal with the sexual references and toplessness (some was unnecessary though), but there was hardly any acrobatics or a performance that you expect to get when paying $100 each for Cirque tickets. \n\nThe Drag Queen MC was annoying and talked way too much, and many of the attempted jokes left me falling asleep in my chair.
Rooms look beat up. Toilette handle stuck. We requested no fragrance when making our reservation.  We checked in, went to our room and found that it HAD been sprayed with VERY PUNGENT FRAGRANCE. We asked for the manager who denied that they use fragrance on property at all.  Which is a lie. They charged us $100 for the night plus the $20 resort fee. We never even stayed in the room nor took our luggage up. I will never shop in the Miracle Mile shops or go to PH again.
This place was pretty bad. We got the nutella, fruits du mer, peanut butter & bananas, and the mixed berry crepes. The only one that was good was the peanut butter. I think a lot had to do the poor quality of the ingredients. Would not go back.
I live right across the street from Sal's and had wanted to go since it opened.  My daughter and I decided to go today for lunch. We knew we were in trouble when the water tasted bad.  My daughter ordered chicken noodle soup and an Italian hoagie.  I ordered the beef barley soup of the day and a grilled chicken salad.  Our soup was bad -- both.  The chicken noodle soup was mostly vegetables and broth.  The beef barley, while hearty, just wasn't good and was served lukewarm.  The grilled chicken salad was really bad.  Don't think I've ever had a \""really bad\"" chicken salad.  Heck, I make them at home!  First of all, there was no balsamic dressing, only oil and vinegar, which is very unusual these days.  The chicken tasted bad -- like it was old.  And I believe they actually threw in dark meat.  Not to mention the chicken and fries were served on iceburg lettuce.  I should have sent it back, but had I sent back everything that was bad, the whole lunch (except for my daughter's sandwich) would have gone back.  Not a good experience, and I won't be going back.  The two cups of soup, one sandwich and the really bad chicken salad came to a whopping $28!!  Thought about going back, but truly, can grab a sandwich around the corner at Subway for less than half the cost.  I really wanted to like this place, but it fell woefully short.
Ordered a 12\"" magical mystery tour and a righteous portabello reuben. Way overpriced. \n\nThe sandwich wasn't enough stuffed full it contained a thin layer of sauce, sauerkraut, a mushroom or two and that was it. It's almost $10 for a tiny, unsatisiying sandwich.\n\n The 12\"" ($12) pizza was extremely thin crust, barely any sauce, cheese, and about a jalapeno and 2 tiny mushrooms per piece. \n\nOverall I wouldn't pay again, very little food for the huge price. The service was okay, beer was even $7 for a 20 oz draft. Total ripoff, subpar food, not a lot of amount for the price you pay. For the record I don't mind paying for food, if I'm getting my money's worth. \n\nThe pizza was kind of lukewarm and the sandwich was cold. I will not be returning and suggest you don't go either. \n\n(Also, we got the groupon we came as a group of 4 we wanted 2 separate checks, most other places have let us sit at the same table and used a groupon on separate checks...not here! They wouldn't let us use it unless we sat at different tables...I mean really, isn't that the same thing you just aren't letting us sit together?)
Worst car rental service I've ever experienced!!! If I could give them a negative rating, I would. We arrived at Charlotte airport and went out to the curbside to await our shuttle to come. After waiting for 30mins, I called Sixt to ask where the shuttle was as I had seen other shuttles drive by MULTIPLE times, yet no Sixt shuttle. The lady on the other end assured me that the shuttle was on its way as she claimed she spoke with the driver who said he was \""wrapping around the airport and would be right there.\"" Well, another 10 minutes later, I called again wondering if the driver had gotten lost, disoriented, in a car accident, or blatantly lied, and again I was reassured the shuttle was on its way and that it should be there any second since their location was literally 5 minutes away from the airport (not sure why it would take so long to get to the airport when you're only 5 minutes away.)\n\nLong story short (kinda), the shuttle FINALLY appeared after 5 phone calls and waiting for over an hour in the freezing cold (this is when there was the huge snow/winter storm). The driver pulls up in an unmarked van (no Sixt logo), and proceeds to just sit in the car, not saying he's with Sixt, not saying anything... Just hanging out in the car, when at this point, there were 4 of us waiting for this \""shuttle\"". One of the gentleman that was waiting with us went up to the van and asked the driver if this was indeed the Sixt shuttle, to which the driver responded yes. We got in the van and literally a 5 minute ride later, we were at the office. Mind you, there were no signs with the name, no logo, nothing. We literally got out in a parking lot that looked almost deserted, other than cars parked there. We entered into a small building and lo-and-behold FINALLY saw a Sixt logo. \n\nThe lady at the front desk was really nice and said she was going to upgrade us since we had to wait so long for the shuttle to come pick us up, which was definitely nice. The car, however, wasn't THAT great. I mean the car itself was a brand new Nissan Ultima so I couldn't really complain much about that... but the smell in the car?! Someone definitely was smoking like a chimney in there -- the smoke smell was so incredibly strong I had to drive with the windows down and the heat blasting so I could at least stand being in the car. Not to mention I opened the arm rest compartment to plug my phone in to charge, and a huge cloud of weed odor came out, so it was back to windows being opened. \n\nI think it's safe to say that I will NEVER EVER book another rental vehicle with Sixt, nor will I ever recommend them to anyone. I guess that's why they're \""Sixt\"" -- because they suck!!!
Havana Cafe refused my business today when I walked into their establishment wearing a trendy bluish, turquoise singlet. Apparently, this wannabe 4-star \""cafe\"", that resides in a plaza for God's sakes has a clothing rule that says men have to wear sleeves, but women do not. I challenged, Keith, the waiter/proprietor, that my date was also wearing a similar sleeveless top and he proceeded to tell me that men are not allowed to wear sleeveless tops, and that if I were to eat there I would have to wear one of his awful red Hawaiian print polos with bamboo images on it that was two sizes too big! WTF?! So you'd rather offend me and require me to wear some crap Hawaiian shirt that I'm swimming in?! Mind you, it's 113 degrees out! In what world is this more \""appropriate attire\"" than my tank and not outright sexual discrimination? For those of you who think this is a joke, it ACTUALLY HAPPENED!
We did delivery, and it was not good at all! All meat was very dry and greasy, even white rice was not good. Would not recommend this place at all : (
We finally decided that we would try Bikinis again.  I don't know why, other than we just had to see if it was as bad as all the reviews were (in case you are wondering, it was).\n\nIn good news, the smoke in the entry way that I mentioned in my earlier review has either been addressed or there just aren't that many people there - it's not too bad as we come in.  But that's about the only good news.\n\nWhat is sad is that this place is just depressing.  It's a fairly new establishment (yes, even now), and it looks like it's been there for years - it reminds me of the early morning gamblers in Las Vegas.  The place is empty and the \""young\"" women are working the handful of tables in the room.\n\nAll of the servers are nice enough, but they just seem to be puzzled about why they are there.  The food service is slow, and the menu isn't anything outstanding.  When the food does finally arrive, there really isn't any reason to come back.  Ever.
I was interested in their services, but got stonewalled by their website. Their website sucks. No prices listed anywhere, and the 'contact us' form doesn't work. (\""Submit\"" button constantly grayed out)
the manager is absolutely horrible, disrespectful, unprofessional, and down right nasty to many of the students and instructors!! he is not only a complete disgrace to starbucks, but he is also a very bad representation of the unlv campus!!! i will go to coffee, bean, and tealeaf from now on!!!!
Let me start by saying I love Bojangles biscuits and chicken. \n\nThis location of Bojangles is apparently privately owned or somehow not managed by Bojangles. \n\nThis Bojangles is awful. I stopped by to pick up a sandwich for my brother last week. The chicken appeared to have been cooked days ago. I asked for a packet of mustard and was told it would be .15 cents. REALLY?\n\nI live close to this Bojangles but I will never go there again. Don't judge Bojangles by this location!
For the seven tables the waitress had, she did seem busy; although that's no excuse to never wash your hands... I would watch her go from taking money, handling the cash register, cleaning tables to literally pulling the English muffins apart with her bare hands.  No gloves for this woman, ever!  She even licked the knife after stirring a chocolate milk.  And apparently she had a problem with the cook five feet away from her because you could here the drama loud and clear.  The food was edible, although if you're a breakfast place you should definitely know the difference between over-easy and over-medium eggs...  And the bacon shouldn't fall apart when you touch it.  Breakfast at Tiffany's is a phenomenon that shouldn't be experienced in Vegas...
I don't recommend this place because they have the worst customer service I've ever seen. I went in for a car tinting and I was told it was going to take 1 hour 1/2 so we waited and my car was just sitting for entire hour without anyone working on it. When I approached Tyler the manager  said they were working on another car, so I kept waiting and still my car was just sitting there. I finally asked another manager and they found out they couldn't find the tint film in the area. I wasn't informed they didn't have the film in the beginning so they just had me waiting all this time for nothing. I cancelled everything and left. First they said I wasn't going to get a refund because they don't refund money but after they saw me mad, the entire transaction was  refunded.Stay away from this place, what a waste of time and they were such a headache!!!
THE MOST HORRIBLE PLACE !!! went there today for lunch, ordered 3 regular size shrimp po-boys. The place was almost empty, two other tables and us. it took them 25 minutes to get the food that was tasteless.. I got 3 miserable shrimps in my sandwich. \nwhen I wanted to get the check, I had to look for the server who was sitting in the back with her smartphone. I will never go there again, and I do NOT recommend this place to anyone. If you got a Groupon, GET YOUR MONEY BACK !!!
As I understand it as they were making my sushi rolls they kept asking... \""What's in this?\"" And they would hear back \""who cares?!? Fill it with crab! Crunchy roll? Full of fake crab! Philly roll? Full of fake crab! California roll? Full of fake crab... and a tiny bit of avocado! Worst sushi of my life.
Fresh...not! Went here years ago when they first opened and was impressed. In the neighborhood and remembered them so decided to try again. Major disappointment. The dish I remember best no longer on menu. Order beef chimi. Yuck! Filled with unseasoned ground beef and covered with what looked like (and tasted worse than\"" Cheez-Wiz..
I waited ages to be served because the guy behind the bar was too busy talking to people sitting at the bar. I then asked for two gins and as I went to pay for it, the card machine asked if I'd like to leave a gratuity.\n\n Before I had a chance to decide, the barman pressed enter and said 'I've just skipped that part'. I told him that he just added a gratuity which he said he didn't. I wasn't in the mood for arguing but two house gins came to \u00a39. \n\nTo cap off an unpleasant experience, the mens toilet was disgusting. With one of the urinals blocked and nearly overflowing, and the rest of the toilet was just in need of a good clean.
Wow has HRH Vegas changed!  Very disappointing experience in May.  Going back 4-5 years I used to frequent this hotel/casino/resort with some frequency.  I think it must be under new management or ownership or both, because while I used to enjoy and frequent this locale, it no longer will be someplace I come back to.  I go to vegas 5x a year.\n\n1) New tower.  The rooms don't really seem any larger than the old rooms, and there are no closets (just wardrobes), and there is way too much dead space because of the size of the bathroom.  Nice look and feel but poor on the functionality.  Also the room sound system only worked 1 of the 5x I tried to use it.  The other 4x it said \""system temporarily unavailable while updating the system.\""\n\n2) There were massive design flaws in this upgraded \""tower\"".  They didn't design in enough sound proofing for the walls and windows.  You can hear the pulsating music and base of the nightclub as you are trying to go to sleep at 230am, as well as the nocturnal activities of your next door neighbor.  The curtains don't \""black out\"" the windows, so you are fighting the sun at 7am.  Come 830am the massive pool music system is up for sound check and running so you can't sleep because the room is shaking from the pool sound system.  I know what the HRH is known for, and I expect loud music but I expect to not have it destroy my ability to sleep.  At any hour.  Isn't that part of the vegas \""deal\""?  Party hard and sleep in?\n\n3) The whole pool set up has become ridiculous.  You have to wait 45-120 minutes in line to get your wrist band depending if it's a Sat/Sun to go to the pool.  I don't pay 300+ a night to wait 2 hours to go to the pool.  And to pay 75 dollars as a hotel guest to go to the pool.  It used to be free for hotel guests to attend Rehab or some nominal charge, and the wrist bands were issued at the front desk at check in.  No crazy lines, no crazy expenses.  This is insane the way it's set up now.\n\n4) Are you ready for this?  A pool chair now has a 100 dollar food and bev min.  For REHAB sunday that jumps to 500 dollars.  As a result, 85+ percent of the beach chairs were unoccupied and everyone was sitting on towels draped over concrete.  Somehow I don't feel I should be forced into choosing between being extorted or sitting on concrete given the Rack Rates at the HRH.  I would obviously have skipped waiting in line 90 minutes plus paying 75 dollars as a hotel guest if anywhere it was mentioned on the web site or marketing materials that a chair was 500 min food and bev.  I would have saved my time and money and done something else.  Wasting time is one thing, wasting money is another, and wasting both is inexcusable\n\n5). Really cheap on the comps.  Look, I don't play 5-10 dollar hands, and I don't play for 15 minutes.  I play hours a day at a respectable average bet.  Most casinos vie for my business and it's reflected in the sizable comps.   The comp rate here is as bad as the Venetian /Wynn.  And with much fewer rollers or high rollers.  And not a whale in sight.  How does this make any sense?\n\nHRH, I like your scene, and I like your brand, but you really must fix these items to get another dollar of my money...  As usual Lucky's Diner was great, but that wasn't enough to save the experience!
Appalling experience at Simon's. 9 of us went there to celebrate a business event that included some of America's top interior designers and members of media. Simply put, restaurant was nearly empty with plenty of staff. It took, and I am not joking, 20 minutes to get all drinks delivered. 9 drinks! The last one to come was a ginger ale. We were goon to toast our hosts. Talk about creating an uncomfortable moment. Complaints to the manager, who seemed about 20 years old, we're responded to defensively. Food took forever. 2 and a half hours to eat in an empty restaurant. We were so angry no one even discussed the food. And at the end there was an 18% gratuity for crap service. Stay away.
Well I love Thai basil been to all their locations. This location sucks. I called and asked what the lunch special was. I was told one plate only, which was the green curry avocado. When I got there, there was more stuff on the lunch special. She gave me the most expensive over the phone & didn't care  to explain the rest when I first called. Then I question her about the sign that's outside the restaurant that says lunch special $6.95.  She had an attitude with me and didn't seem to care on what I was telling her. She took my food & gave me the regular curry. Very confusing. Won't be coming back to this location.
Very sad service.. took 45mins too receive water and no help too order food. The waitress excuse was that she was the only working tables. No team help 3 guys was just talking with no care too help out.. the menu is like a book with very sticky pages way over price and I would never go back..
Terrible service, a new low for any restaurant I've been to in years. Low quality fish and ingredients created flavorless sushi. Not even close to being worth their prices. We will not be going back. Maybe the non-sushi items or the hibachi tables are better, but all we ordered was sushi.
now i've discovered why i've never given this place a bother.\n\nas previous reviews have attested-- service is non-existent; instead, its the peripheral glance of the same servers rushing past your table as if they were real fucking busy. really? we've been waiting for half an hour or so already. deciding that my ass had become numb from waiting, we managed to flag down a hastily walking server and finally gave our order. \n\nso, pomegranate margarita is OK. seafood kibis is frozen product, thawed, fried, not very seafood. lamb kibis is the less appetizing $12.95 unfolded version of much tastier gyro that can be found elsewhere for half the price. i suppose its good we were saved the task of having to answer to \""how's everything tasting?\""...because, quite precisely, everything is not tasting [good] at all. \n\nfez is one of those places that you go to, wait a long time (in hopes that the food redeems itself), and receive a server who places more importance on their strut and getting your friends number. ultimately you are left with underwhelming food, money and time, wasted.
Horrible service took well over an hour to get our food. Waitress was rude from the minute we sat down
Enormous disappointment. The employees are rude and won't stop talking to each other long enough to acknowledge you at the glass window. And, about that window.....where are the welcoming double doors that invite you in to buy soda and chips when you have the munchies, or a loaf of bread if you are in need and it's too late to go to the regular giant eagle? I was SO looking forward to a proper GetGo opening in this part of RS. I just don't like going there ever.\n\nOne good thing though- the fella next door who who owns the convenience store doesn't have to worry about loosing any customers and it better to root for the little guy vs. big corporate places anyway.
We were in the mood for good crepes and decided to give the  restaurant a try. The crepes were ok, however my daughter ordered a waffle. When the waffle arrived, it was yeasty and raw in the middle. The server said that people were complaining earlier in the morning that the waffles were overcooked, so the kitchen instead of cooking the waffles correctly, went in the other direction and now it was undercooked. The waitress took the waffle away and my daughter ordered a bacon/cheese croissant. The server said that the waffle couldn't be removed from the check, so we were charged for a waffle that was not edible and a dry and stale bacon cheese croissant that she couldn't eat. We asked to speak to a manager and the owner came over to the table and said that he was sorry and that was it!!! Over $50 of LESS than average food, which half of it was not edible..we will not be back!
Went to the store to change my phone without upgrading. For some reason the store did something wrong causing my unlimited data to go away. When i was changing my phone, i asked the customer representative many time regarding my unlimited data plan. They told me that nothing changed to my plane and i will keep my unlimited data until i upgrade my plan. They were wrong! Today got a text message saying i used 81% of my data. Unacceptable!!!! So i had to call verizon wireless to resolve the problem. They did submit the ticket for me and told me that the problem should resolve in 24 hrs to 48 hrs. I hope that my problem do get resolved and that this store does not make the same mistake again
They need to hire a receptionist who is willing to give business to their salon and stylist. I just got off the phone with THE WORST receptionist of all time who had no clue on how to run a salon. talking my business elsewhere.
This place is a dump. No class in Vegas what so ever. Why hasn't anyone started a Gay club with a little class. Dirty dark and nasty inside. Expensive poor quality well drinks. $20 cover for out of town visitors. \n\nTotal Ranking: F\nLocation: A\nDrinks: D-\nAmbiance: D
WORST meal in Vegas - EVER\n\nSo, I ordered a salad that was missing three of five ingredients, then tried to send it back, but couldn't find my waiter.  I gave my meal to the waiter I could find, and she promised to get my order right.  15 minutes later, she came back with the same salad and apologized for running out of the toppings....I still can't believe she dropped my plate without telling me the kitchen ran out of 3 toppings for my salad - I would have ordered something else.  By the time she came back (approx 25 minutes later), my date was done eating.  We were charged a cover for live music, but none played for an hour.  I received my meal as the band began to play, and paid for my replacement meal - which I didn't enjoy... I don't plan to go back.  \n\nNote:  I recommended that they at least remove the live music cover from my bill since I didn't get to enjoy any live music - they honored my request.
Cute atmosphere, horrible service. We sat down at a table and waited 25 minutes. We were never acknowledged even though the waitress sat down at the table next to us and had a conversation with the party. She came and went at least 3 times and never stopped to ask if we had been helped.
The WORST customer service I've ever had. Pretty much just a bunch of stoner kids that cant do simple math n throwing items at u when u ask for something
I would give 0-5 if I could. First the front office is extremely rude ( I dealt with Patty) if any of my employees treated patients the way she did they'd be sitting on a curb. While in the waiting room an obviously mentally deficient patient came in and another front desk lady treated her like she was a bother and didn't help her at all.  Secondly they don't have their insurance down. And lastly while I was in the waiting room I could hear her talking to the other ladies in the front office talking smack about patients. \n\nI am a doctor and have referred many patients here and will no longer do it. I guess simonmed It is.
I called this Dominos tonight and was treated so horribly by a female worker over the phone. She hung up on me the first time while I was still talking and the second call she took my address and proceeded to tell me I was too far away when it was only 3 miles away. She quickly told me another location and when I asked her if she could repeat herself she hung up on me again! I will never order pizza from somewhere where I'm treated so rudely!
Holy shit, we just gave this place another chance and man, what a disappointment. \n\nWhen we arrived 80% of the restaurant was full. We were seated quickly by an efficient hostess. \nAfter 10 minutes we received water. \n10 minutes after THAT our server took both drink and food orders. \nThen it was another 15 before we received the drinks!\nThen another 10 goes by and the food comes out, fairly quickly. But they only brought out half the food. So we're all still sitting there, awkwardly, until the final two plates come out. \nOne of the two final plates was loaded with cheese that was requested held. So the entire plate had to be re-made. \nA shrimp plate had visible veins left in the shrimp.\nA chicken taco plate consisted of chicken in a stale flour tortilla - with a side of rice and cabbage. No pico de gallo, no guacamole... basically, nothing to dress the tacos. \nAnother beer was ordered and didn't show up until we were finished eating. \nSo what it comes down to is this: Servers need training and the food items need to be re-evaluated.
This is NOT the place to go if you have anywhere to head to afterwards.  Went in during the work week, it is right around the corner from my office.   Walked in at 12:10, were seated immediately (about 4 empty tables).  We had studied the menu online and ordered immediately, did not even get menus.  At 12:39 we questioned the where abouts of our burgers....  We were told they got slammed but ours were next up did we want our fries first, we said sure....  At 12:47 our burgers arrived, but no fries, we asked for to go boxes, our fries and our bill.   12:51 another laid back server stopped by asking if we needed anything we said yes, boxes, our other food and the bill....   12:53 boxes arrive....   12:56 bill arrives still no fries....  12:58 I walk over with the 33 dollar bill to the manager and ask how long it takes to make fries, he informs me it takes 6 minutes but they only have one fryer..  I suggest maybe then they only have 5 tables instead of the 20+ in the restaurant that their kitchen can't handle.  I inform him I am not paying a bill for food I haven't even received.  He asked what I wanted him to do about it.    I informed him I would not be signing the bill and I didn't want the food and I walked out.   \n\nIf it is a week day lunch hour, you INFORM your customer that you have 60 minute ticket times PRIOR to them ordering.  Give them the opportunity to walk out.  Also don't open a huge restaurant if you do not have the kitchen staff and equipment to serve your dinning room!!!!!!  This place is an absolute train wreck!!!!!  Will never go back, I don't care how great their burgers are.
I called appliance Rx and made an appt.  I was pleased because Caesar was there with in an hour. Unfortunately he never diagnosed the problem by ruling out the process of elimination .my complaint the water dispenser nor the ice maker was working.He demanded that I paid this 59.00 dollar fee.He didn't look or touch the back of the refrigerator. His assessment was I needed to replace a filter and the water inlet valve.It was a lie all he did was turned the water on from the wall and the ice maker/water dispenser worked. He tried to charge me 159.00 plus 59.00 service fee. On his web sight it says there would be no service fee if he is allowed to fix the problem. Fair enough.  Caesars attitude was rude .Im sorry I ever invited this man into my home..He was totally unprofessional. After he left my ice maker and water dispenser stopped working again.I called right away.He called back the next day.I explained the water dispenser is still not working.He nasty and unprofessional. I paid 100.00 for a water filter that screws in a two year old could do that.  Do not use this co.
Oh Em Gee and Double Yoo Tee Eff... GAH!!! This place makes me want to rip my hair out! They really need to take a few lessons in customer service or even getting personalities.\n\nWe purchased two phones in April and have had problems from Day 1. I swear I've clocked in so many hours calling Customer Care about all these issues that they can make more books with the notes they have on our account than there are books in the damn Twilight Saga! \n\nIt turns out that the twit we purchased our phones from did not place the appropriate data service to our phones and MMS was not working properly but all this was finally resolved (for a short amount of time at least) after my husband yelled at Customer Care because of the attitude coming out of the mouth a \""little\"" lady named Jennifer at this location. \n\nWe paid a visit to this location, since this is the corporate store closest to us and they'd be the only one to assist with these damn issues. I had requested to speak to the Mgr and Jennifer comes out, NO SMILE or anything, looking like she was pissed that I interrupted her lunch or something... I informed her that I to speak to the store manager and she said \""she isn't here\"", at this point, I was thinking to myself, 'Then why the heck did they send you out?!' anyway, in response to that I asked, \""Well, is she ever here?\"" We've been needing to resolve this issue and this Mgr seems to never be available and Jennifer snaps back, scoffs and says \""WELL, she IS entitled to her two days off\"" Uhhhh, yea but some store managers have to go to other locations you ding-dong! I, of course, snapped right back and informed her \""Yea, uhm, I don't need that attitude from you!\"" She looks at me, disregards what I just said and said that we can come back the next day to see the Manager. \n\nWe did not return the following day because we had to go out of town, and really needed this f-ing phone to work but Customer Care was able to resolve the issue BUT-- it was short lived, I ended up calling Customer Care, yet again, because the internet went out and the music player was shot, so now  they're replacing my phone with a new or \""like\"" new phone, yet again. I hardly even use this P.O.S. phone so I don't know WTF is going on.\n\nWith all these issues that we've been having because of all these clueless employees at this location, I sincerely thought that a T-mobile store location in BOCA PARK, the Corporate Store no less, would have been able to take care of our issues better than anywhere else in town, or at least try... Nope. Wrong. \n\nLisa, I feel ya, we dealt with Matt a few times, I'm not even sure if he works there anymore. Susan, they are slow but I believe that it's because they have NO clue what they're doing and have to ask their Manager wth to do every 5 mins. \n\nThe moment that I can get the 'F' away from T-mobile (damn contracts), I will and -- GOD FORBID, I have to stay with them and have to step foot in a store, I will NOT be visiting this location. This phone line is just my second line, thank goodness my main line is with AT&T because I always have reliable service with them and spend more time enjoying my phone rather than talking to Customer Care for hours and hours. OMG T-Mobile, you guys SUCK.
I stayed here the past month and did not like it at all. The hotel and lobby was full of smoke and it seemed like all the other hotels had a better way of getting rid of all the smoke. Nothing really exciting to see and no luck winning at the tables.
Started out pretty good at this bar we spent around 130.00 for a party of 4 then I made a mistake on the type of beer that i ordered the bartender chelsea refused to take it back and replace it with what i wanted and the attitude she presented just ruined the entire evening....So take a good look around because this place will never ever see another dollar from me or anyone that i know that is thinking of going there
Closed. Bldg for sale.
Tonight, after seeing a friend post where she was eating, I checked the menu and I had an instant craving. My wife and I went and it seemed like a nice place. Honestly, the nice waitstaff, was about the only good thing about it. My wife and I, both had the french onion soup and it was ok, she had the Cobb salad, with the eggshells included and I had the black and blue ribeye, that I ordered medium and received it over well done. I rarely complain about food, but I felt I had to. The waitress was accommodating, but although she took off the Cobb salad, she only took $10 off the steak. So I paid over $30 plus $10 tip, on something we only could eat a part of. We left hungry and annoyed. I had better Irish food, in a bowl of lucky charms cereal!
I've been to the Spotted Donkey Catina at El Pedrgal several times and it was always a pleasant experience.  Not the case at this new location.  Maybe the oil that fhe foods were prepared in was bad because not only was the flavor off but I had stomach problems later.\n\nService was below par as well....will not be returning.
The Staff are the rudest people, not friendly at all very stand off,  They treat you with NO personality just a dollar bill.  The food is made very quick with no flavor and the vegetables in the dishes were raw and uncooked, like they just throw it together.\nI give them a F for customer service and F for poorly cooked food and F for taste......... The People of Southern Highlands need to stand up let this business know, that the food is not up to what they charge.... Either get better and treat people nicer, have better prices, and cook the food better then we are not buying any more garbage off China A Go GO !
The worst service and slowest employees I've ever seen. Tons of Hertz reps lurking around, line keeps on getting bigger & bigger - no one even bothers to consider opening another counter. Its an embarassing service. I would give it zero stars if I could.
I came here based on reviews on Yelp. 20% more expensive than the salon I have been going to and 200% more cattiness then any salon I have ever been to. The funniest and saddest part is they were actually gossiping about how rude people are. There is a large mirror at the back and maybe they should take a good long look in it.
I had really high expectations for this place but the food was overpriced & bland my lasagna tasted like it was made by Stouffers. The service was excellent the food nothing great.
I am so desparate to find a good take-out chinese food place and this one just added to the list that failed me.  I ordered simple- things that aren't easy to screw up because I didn't want to be disapointed.  Chicken fried rice with extra egg & crab rangoons.  I made it very clear to the girl I wanted extra egg in my chicken fried rice several times, even paid extra for it.  When I got home I got rice and onions.  Not even the good onions (scallions) but massive chunks of white onion.  No chicken, hardly any egg, and no vegetables besides ONIONS.  Wtf?!!! How can you mess that up so bad?  I got crab rangoons with no sweet and sour sauce.  Like normal take-out places there were no utensils, no soy sauce, no nothing!  I hate to just rate a place simply on chicken fried rice but seriously.... get it together yummy yummy!
Terrible customer service by waiter \""Rosalba\"". I went in with my family for pollo a la brasa and wished we had gone somewhere else. First of all, Rosalba said they did not have pollo a la brasa and recommended that we try a different Peruvian restaurant. Huh? Why would you try to encourage your customers to go somewhere else? Obviously, Rosalba must not have felt like working. Every time we asked for something, she gave us an attitude. Very sad way to treat the customers.\n\nNext, I asked for one of their domestic beers. Again, Rosalba said they did not have any domestic beers but \""Cristal.\"" So if you don't have pollo a la brasa or domestic beers, then don't put it on your menu!\n\nWe were very disappointed with the service so we decided we were not going to give a tip, little did we know Rosalba charged an 18% gratuity tip for a group of 5 adults. What?! Usually gratuity tips are for 6 or more. Rather than argue, we left and decided to never come back. Instead, I'm letting you know what to expect.\n\nIt's really such a shame for a restaurant to hire employees that make the restaurant look bad and discourage customers from wanting to come back. You have been warned.
Westrige mall was better than this mall even when most of the stores were about to shut down. When I visited this mall recently most the stores looked cluttered and unkept.
Initially when I first got to this pho place I thought that it was going to be good based on how crowded it was.  I was wrong. \n\nI ordered spring rolls as an appetizer and hu tieu my tho as my lunch entr\u00e9e.  The spring rolls were just mediocre.  The sauce definitely needed improvement.  It was so watery and lacked a lot of flavor so I had to add more hoison sauce to make it taste better and that didn't help much.  The hu tieu my tho was NASTY.  It wasn't even made with hu tieu.  It came out with regular banh pho noodles.  The worst part of it was the fact that they added tomato sauce to the dish.  I found that to be pretty weird because NO ONE serves it like that anywhere else that I have been.  \n\nThe place was busy and they were extremely understaffed.  I had to request for water twice before they actually brought anything back to my table.  I don't recommend this place to anyone.  It was my first time at this place and I definitely won't ever come back again.\n\nThis place should be called Pho Not So 1!
Our favorate noodle place closed down for good (noodle palace). Very glad we found this place. Food is good and comes very quick. Edited on 12/18/13. We stopped coming here because of the roaches that were crawling on the walls and because of a server who didn't wash their hands after using the restroom. Absolutely disgusting.
Too bland no flavor. They need to work on there soup base, because thats what makes the ramen. Just too bland, and I ordered the miso ramen, which tasted like water and shoyu. First and last time coming here.
Since this is the closest grocery store to my house by a long shot, I often get stuck shopping here -- and again this past week the meat/seafood guy who once refused to cut my roommates and I fresh steaks from the case (claimed there was the same thing already out, of course there weren't) this time refused to simply clean a fish. (It wasn't busy, by the way.)\n\nHarris Teeter, better get your customer service problems under control at this location.
First of all based on the reviews here,  I went last night and had the all you can eat for $22.99 which is cheap for dinner.\n\nI just want to say i personally label myself as a all you can eat sushi guru. my friends and i work for the airlines so its a 1 hour free flight to las vegas and las vegas seem to have the most all you can eat sushi bars.\n\nI was by myself and which is customary for me before i bring the whole gang.\nI sat at the bar.\n\nService: the waitresses were friendly and attentive. Now the sushi chef was okay i dont blame him but you dont know who's gonna be the big tipper. there was an attractive young lady at the bar before i got there he was very attentive to her but a little slow and no rec commendations which he offered her.\n\ni got two menus one with specialty rolls- basically all spicy tuna concoction , california roll stuff and fried shrimp stuff. thats all i saw nothing special.\nnow the other menu had traditional nigiri and regular rolls you would finds just about anywhere with a list of appetizers.\n\n1. i started out with a spicy tuna roll with eel on top, the roll size was perfect. the spicy tuna was a little fishy and the eel was not very buttery and little fishy also. after that i thought i'd try the nigiri sushi and see if anything stands out.\n\n1. halibut was decent but the texture on the rice of the nigiri sushi was a little bit hard.\n2. giant clam decent\n3. sweet shrimp i could tell it was just thawed\n4. two orders of garlic tuna decent cause of the sauce\n5. two orders of salmon fresh, they were advertising this on a sign as i walked in on a little side walk sign.\n6. ika --not fresh\n7. taco very dry\n8. seaweed salad decent \n9. miso soup salty for my taste and came out lukewarm\n10 finished with green tea ice cream, cant go wrong with ice cream i think this was the best part of the meal.\n\nit was cheap and worth a try, it had few strikes when i walked it. First I'm korean nothing against my peeps but most sushi bars owned by koreans in my experience are skimpy on the fish and the texture of the rice for some reason is never any good. this place is korean owned. Second when i walked in i was the only asian customer beside the workers. \n\nToo bad sushi house manda closed cause of the smoking law it was in a bar, that place was good. Also Koto was very good but they went out of business i dont know why it was a great restaurant which should have charged more.\n\nI will keep searching las vegas for the best all you can eat sushi bar. Let everybody know. by the way i had gone to Oshyi La's week that way better that yama.
Horrible horrible place!! Horrible communication by the owner and groomers. We brought in our two dogs for a haircut yesterday. We were told that the price would be $39.95 each. Okay seems pretty reasonable right? Wrong! You know why? Because they lie! The owner called us to let us know that they were in the process of cleaning my dogs teeth and that they could be ready by 2:30pm. We were okay with that time.. So we go in to pick up the dogs and was told by the owner in a very rude tone that our total was $127.00. I questioned the owner on the price because they said 39.95 for both dogs.. So no more than $80 right? WRONG AGAIN! Why? Because the teeth cleaning is not included in the package. When we questioned the price, the owner rolled her eyes, yelled at us and explained to us that the teeth are $50 more. Great.. But why did she not call us and ask for our approval before doing it? Horrible communication. And when we asked why she did not call to ask for approval, she went and continued to lie stating she called a 205 number and did ask for approval. First of all my number starts with 405 second of all the call I received was telling me that they were in the process of doing his teeth.. Not can we do the teeth? Then when the groomer was showing us our dogs teeth, our dog started growling because they were sore and this groomer was pushing all over the dog's gums. The dog never bit her. But the groomer SLAPPED the dogs nose hard and said \""you be nice!\"" She laid a hand on our dog right in front of us! \n\nWe then decided to call right after we left and complain about how upset we were. The owner would not allow us to talk and just continuously yelled over the phone. My sister was speaking to her and I was driving. I was able to hear the owner yell from the drivers seat. She also told my sister, \"" I know how to run a business and I know what I said!\"" \n\nIn conclusion, they did a good job on both of my dog's in regards to their haircuts, but they have HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE and HORRIBLE COMMUNICATION! So if you are looking for a place where the staff yells at you, rolls their eyes at you, lies to you and slaps your dogs.. Then this place is for you. If not, then we are warning you.. DO NOT BRING YOUR DOGS TO THIS TORTURE CHAMBER!!!
Actually if I could this would be 0 stars. After 45 mins of waiting on appetizers, having to ask for a drink refill and then our food coming out before the app and being completely wrong, I walked out. I have never walked out on a table in my life. I served tables for 5 yrs myself. Very very very disappointed.
The bartender refused to serve my friend a water because she wasn't buying anymore drinks.
CIAA review\n\nI had a really bad experience at 5th Element during a CIAA day party.  They were just entirely too disorganized for my taste.  To start off they had no concept on how to let a group of people into an establishment.  There was chaos as to where you should line up, what line you should be in and no concept of fairness when it comes to getting in.\n\nAs with most CIAA events my group and I got our tickets in advance, the day of the party was wet, rainy and sleet falling.  We get in line outside of the building and the line is not moving instead the security is telling everybody we aren't letting you in unless you do exactly what we say but then they didn't tell us what we needed to do to get in.  So there are three different lines going on and the security was randomly picking who should be allowed in with no rhyme or reason.  Some people were in line for 45 minutes and they would let people who just walked up in, finally after getting soaked, the security finally decided I guess we did the right thing to let us in.\n\nIf the club was nice I wouldn't have minded the wait but the club was wack, two floors, oddly spaced out and no real fun at all.\n\nBathrooms were flithy as well, I mean how hard is it to send a cleaning person in every once and awhile to clean the place up.\n\nTotally disappointed with my time at 5th Element and I have no plans of returning.
This location has rules of their own. I tried to transfer some unused credits to my daughter from the Anthem location I visit but was told they would only transfer 1. Additionally, they charged a $10 transfer fee. I felt like they were more concerned with \""nickel and diming\"" my daughter instead of making this a good experience for her. The Anthem location said this is not customary so buyer beware. You may be able to use H&S anywhere in the U.S. but depending on the location there may be additional hidden fees.
This restaurant has been here forever and used to be one of my favorite spots....not anymore. Went last night (for the 1st time in over a year) The salad was warm and limp.  Ordered clams as an appetizer. One bite of the \""fishiest\"" tasting clams I have ever tasted told me that they had been frozen, which the waiter confirmed. Ordered the veal piccata, same thing! Frozen veal!! Asked the waiter if anything on the menu was not frozen first and he recommended the shrimp. While the flavor was good, the plate was oily and the food greasy. The side of pasta bolognese was so watery that it had no flavor at all. The replacement side was over cooked and mushy. On the other hand...the waiter was fast, honest and courteous. I will not be returning.
Inedible food... and the service was worse. The steak was soaked in salty brine. I sent back the steak and when it came back again the staff had cleared the side dishes and plates. There was just one lonely tiny salty chunk of low-quality beef. Maybe it was the chef's night off.  Staff was arrogant and inattentive, manager was unpleasant. The wine list was uninspired. If you go to look at the pond then maybe have a drink at the bar. Vegas must have a good steak-house. This tourist trap should slap an Arbys sign on the door... although the meat would be better then:-(
Staying at Linq for the holidays. Since 6:30-7 am they are doing some sort of construction. Non stop noise and banging. This place is not relaxing at all. Vegas, you stay out so late and when you want to relax, the stupid construction won't allow you. We called guest services,they transferred me twice and third time after being on hold for 7 minutes, I talked to some one and requested a manager to come to our floor and hear this noise. He apologized and said we give you $50 credit in food n beverage. I said this credit is not going to help me relax. Keep the credit and get rid of this noise. He said oh, they are not suppose to do construction this early but I guess because of holidays. After all noise remained the same and they suggested we change our room. Insane holidays at LINQ.
I've frequented this place 3x over the last couple of months. A horrible experience all three times and will never go back. Usually you can get one of three -- great price, terrific quality, or on-time delivery. Well, they struck out all three visits on all three points. And to add insult to injury, the associate with the short dark hair was the antithesis of customer service. She rolls her eyes, speaks with an attitude and tells you that she offers \""great customer service\"" when in fact the shoes aren't fixed right at all and she won't make amends. When did the customer's opinion stop counting? Guess she needs to go back to CS school 101. \n\nAnyways, as several others have commented here, the prices are outrageous -- here are some examples: $45 to glue a sole on, $140 to re-heel and glue, $65 to replace buckles. Now, I'm more than happy to pay high prices if the quality and customer experience are worthy of it -- oh yeah, and if they actually deliver what they promise. On my re-heel job, they promised to replace with black wood stacked heels. When I went to pick them up (they finished the work 3 days late by the way), they gave me brown stacked heels painted black -- on $150 high heels. And they thought they could pull it over to make it even worse. They handed the shoes to me already bagged up and said \""$70 more dollars\"" on top of the initial $70 I had paid. When I called them on it, the dark-haired snot got defensive and nasty and rude and obnoxious and a total B*&^H. I will never be back. \n\nThe time before this, I handed over another $95 for them to reheel my dress boots. I have worn them 3x walking around carpeted conference centers for no more than 2 -3 hours on each occasion and the heels are nearly off on both boots. They are so close to off, I definitely can't wear them until they are fixed. I WON'T be going to Shoe Lab to fix them. I've given them their last dollar from my wallet and I've dealt with the snotty girl with the short dark hair (Ismerelda or something like that is her name but of course she didn't have her name tag on! LOL!).  \n\nIf you want your shoes repaired in a quality fashion, delivered when promised, not be charged more than you could buy a new pair for, and interact with a reasonably pleasant associate, I'd suggest that you DON'T GO TO SHOE LAB ---- everything about them is horrible...
I've been a patient at Palm Valley Woman's Care for 8 years and shame on me for staying this long.  Every time I go in its like I'm a new patient, no personal attention or even compassion.  Appointments are always behind. Sometimes waiting over an hour to be seen and normally the dr is out so you have to see the physicians assistant.   My last visit prompted a pelvic ultrasound and routine mammogram.  I scheduled them right away.  Within 2 days of my tests ,  the radiology ( valley radiology , separate entity from Palm Valley W C ). Called and said I needed additional testing on my left breast.  Which I scheduled right away and was seen, tests were run and told immediately needed a biopsy.  Valley radiology got me in the following Monday for the biopsy.  Valley radiology is instructed by Dr Howard to send test results to him and he will contact me.   Results were sent to him Wednesday morning and I still am waiting.  With 4 calls to the office pleading with them for my results, dr will call you by the end of the day.  No phone call from him.  But the same office different girl calls me to tell me my ultrasound showed a growth in my right ovarie and I need to redo the ultrasound, this after 2 weeks??  I'm done with them.  We are picking up the printed results and I will find a new doctor.  Please don't let this establishment treat you, this is how people die unnecessarily !
Why does everyone like Starbucks? Its always busy and It's overly priced, overrated coffee. I only stop by here if I forget to make my blend the night before and if I am going to school/work and I'm too tired to function. Well I stopped by here around 9 am and the drive thru was super packed (of course) so I went inside. I looked around, only saw a couple of people so I thought everything was going to be all good. Well I ordered an iced coffee, nothing too complicated, the guy asked me my name so I told him. A few minutes later the guy was calling out Sarah a bunch of times and I looked around and I was the only female in there. I just assumed this Sarah girl had left early. Well 20 freakin minutes later I still didn't have my coffee so I went up to the front and asked the dude where my coffee was. He said he was calling my name a bunch of times but I didn't come up to get my coffee. My name is Callie, like California. Not Sarah. I don't know how he managed that to mess up. When I finally did get my coffee, it tasted like crap. Circle k has better coffee than this. I'm going to stick to making my own brew, saves me some more cash anyway.
Nothing impressive at all.
This place is overpriced and the service is not good at all.  When we where there children were riding bikes in the lot near the tables.  One almost hit our child.  Another customer said that if the owner had been there she would have not allowed the bikes to be there.  The cone was large to say the least but the taste left something to be desired.  Not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby.  Our children were exposed to language that would have made a sailor blush.  We will not be back.  Also they will accept a credit card but not a debit card?????  Please get up with the times.
I'll never stay here again. I was happy with the price but as the saying goes... You get what you pay for. \n\nThe rooms are nice enough but housekeeping is horrible. They ignore the do not disturb signs and miss basic things like emptying the trash or picking up things on the floor. I feel like a fool for leaving a tip for them the first few days. \n\nThe pool is small but OK however there is a good reason the cabanas cost half as much as other hotels. The service is horrible. We watched our waitress sit and flirt with a group of guys while we waited an hour for a round of drinks. Then to top it off.. the bar closed an hour early and no one bothered to tell us until we attempted to order a round. \n\nOh and don't bother ordering room service they will get it wrong more often than not. \n\nPretty bad service. Wasn't this hotel cool once?
This gym has the most rude and condescending staff I have ever encountered! The ring leader being John M, the sales manager. This guy struts around like a cock in a hen house. He has treated myself and my mother so horribly that I go out of my way to work out at another la fitness. Many of the trainers act like they are too good to be there and are lazy. Asking for help with a machine is never fun. I will not be renewing my membership with la fitness and have made it a personal mission to spread the word of the negative ugliness John has fostered at this location.
Unnecessary  expensive , rude employees , our room smelled like a dead body , our towels had holes . With a money you pay you may go to better place .
I love Dunkin Donuts but they have gone downhill. I come here every morning for an Iced Coffee and bagel and everyday my coffee is different (mostly horrible). Either the mess up the order or it doesn't even taste like coffee, they are not consistent. I rather get a coffee at McDonald's.
YOU WILL BE CRUSHED.\n\nNow that that's out of the way ... get there early. Ye gods, the crowd was insane. For it being free, I guess I can't rag on it too much but it was pretty over the top in its gaudiness and cheese factor. \n\nScantily clad Captain Sparrow wannabes and \""wenches\"" litter the two pirate ships performing badly lip-synched (awful) songs and sad attempts at acting. The ear-splitting musical choice was horrid and the dance numbers looked straight out of a Pussycat Dolls MV - not a good sign.\n\nBut there were explosions, diving, fire and water spray so that might be enough to draw in the poor folks. I could definitely do without.
This place is HORRIBLE, not only did they charge me $109 cash price up front, which i expected, but I later got a bill from them saying my insurance had declined their request and I owed them another $220, So I called my insurance (like i always do if something seems off), and I WAS right, it was never declined!!!!!!! and I only owed $11!!!!!!! NOT to mention when I went back to my Dr for my results of all the tests I had done (which was 3 months after the ultrasound) THEY NEVER SENT MY TEST RESULTS TO MY DOCTOR!!, so my Dr calls them while I am at the Dr office, and they says \""we will fax it right over\"" after waiting an hour, I left and my Dr said when it comes in they will just call me, of course that was the day before thanksgiving so I called early the next week THEY STILL DIDN'T FAX IT! lazy worthless people!!!!  I cannot tell you how unprofessional this place is! please please, go somewhere else!!! save yourself the hassle.
One star removed from the last review. Still slow and disorganized. Food is still over cooked and under seasoned. Honestly I don't know why we went back when we were so disappointed the first time we tried this buffet.\n\nWill never be returning to Lago...and I mean it this time.
Poor management. 1 server 1 cook on a saturday. Would hate to work here. Upset customers.
I had bought some items for a halloween costume.  Thus meaning after halloween I would have zero need for it.  Upon the assembly of my costume, several of the glow sticks didn't work.  I tried glow stick after glow stick, and finally was able to get a few of them to work.  This greatly compromised the whole costume, but being unwilling to let this defeat me and ruin the night I had planned with friends, I pressed on.  The costume was just \""okay\"" and if the glow sticks had actually worked, it would have been phenomenal! \n\nI had made the decision to not open any more packages with the idea that since their product was defective (more than likely because of kids like the previous review mentioned) that they would certainly refund my money.  They have a no refund policy, which I could understand if I just didn't like it or didn't want it.  But this situation merits special circumstances.  I called the store and explained what happened and was pleasantly surprised that they agreed to a refund.  When I went in to do the refund, I was told no one authorized that.  I was also told by the cashier that in her lucrative 6 year career at the extremely high class establishment, that she has never seen defective glow sticks.  Well that must make her the authority on everything glow stick!  But I digress, I asked to speak to the manager.  He told me that he could exchange the faulty glow sticks for new ones.  I again explained it was part of halloween costume and the time for exchange had long passed.  \nI will admit that the GPS on my phone caused me to dial a different Dollar Tree store, and they were the ones to offer refund...but I'm curious if refunds are absolutely not possible, why then was the other store willing to do one?  When I discovered that I had dialed a different store and explained that to the Avondale location, I asked why they could give a refund, but he couldn't?  He said they should have never offered it to me.\n\nHere is the problem as I see it, if ones merchandise is defective, I don't care what your policy is, give the refund!!!  Also, if another store offered the refund, they should honor it.   I have been in customer service management for over 15 years.  I currently manage a site that does not offer refunds.  But I also know there are always extenuating circumstances, and in those situations, I call those over me and get it done!!!!  Because I would rather at least try to assist the customer than not.  An unsatisfied customer will always remember less than par service, and the same can be said of excellent customer service.  With this being such a high tech day and age, sharing your good or bad experiences is simply at your fingertips for potentially thousands to see.  Was that $15 refund worth the bad review?  Especially in a time when people are suffering the hardest financially?  There are several dollar stores in the Avondale area.  My recommendation is that whomever reads this uses any of those over Dollar Tree.  If you Dollar Tree employees read this, let this be a word to the wise, the consumer right now has the upper hand.  We the consumer have a voice and as choice.  Trust me, this doesn't end here.
I went here once to get my pants hemmed and got yelled at for not purchasing proper pants in the first place. I was too startled to respond but have since thought of many  witty replies. Oh well.
This pizza has no flavor. The crust was good but that's really it. Totally disappointed.
Came here on a weekday and the food sucks.  Maybe I should come when they are busy because all the other reviews rave about how great they were.  To me, the presentation in the little containers of the food is great but when the food looks like it's been sitting there for awhile, it sure definitely doesn't taste great.  Guess I was there to eat with my eyes because the taste of the food was just okay.  Maybe I should of gotten food from that taco/chinese food place by Jose.
We used to love this place but inexplicably they have eliminated waiters and turned it into a take out spot. It's one of the Most bizarre setups I have ever experienced. People are walking all over the place so you can't really relax, no bartender anymore, extremely understaffed. We will most likely never return.\n\nI saw the Slots turned off,, so maybe lost the gaming license?
ROACHES!!!! All that needs to be said. I loved this place. Stayed in Feb 2014 twice. Good price-appeared clean etc. Just ran for my life today 11/23/14 because my partner woke me up having killed 2 roaches. Thought she was exaggerating then she woke me again to watch a huge roach crawling in the bathroom. I checked out asap. I got a refund. Added pics.
This review somehow DISAPPEARED...\nThis is my OPINION. At $8.95 for lunch or $12.95 dinner (and SURPRISE all day Sunday) this is no deal! Food is greasy (no Healthy eating here).The buffet is restocked by placing the new food right over the old food, the old stuff is not removed! Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil. The desserts are a major disappointment! Unless your into deep fried bananas,deep fried doughnuts or some boring pudding and slop serve. The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather. We have felt \""Queasy\"" after eating there, out of town guest have suffered stomach cramps and \""loosey-goosey\"" after eating there.With so many GOOD places around Las Vegas (and close by) there is no reason to tolerate this. On Fri/Sat nights we head to Suncoast Casino for Crab/Prime Rib and mongolian stirfry for $15 (with players card).I am no \""Food Critic\"", just my opinion...but we will NEVER return!!!
NIGHTCLUB rating only.\n\nI walked in during feasting hours and its cool, small, OK bar.\nApparently this is one of the only places to get down on a Sunday. Ladies you can get a 2 ladies in free flyer at Tao - so get there early and you dont pay. \nIt also says on the club flyer that its a bathouse. Um NO. I got kicked out of line for wearing rhinestone open toed shoes in flip flop style. OK a girl with ugly kitten heel flea market flip flops got in and I didn't? WTF. I explained the the very cool bouncer who was going to let me in - since I was just meandering around alone - look the flyer said bath house, I have heels, but I have my hot-piece suit on under and I can put my heels on. I was even going to tip the guy for putting me in GList line.\n\nSo I step to the side for 2 minutes, show him my fabulous heels and then I am told that they are at max capacity and I can wait in their lounge. I think it was some senior bouncer that cut me off. What a load of crap. I dont know - did they not like my flossy Obama top? I was already stamped for entry - WTF?\n\nLavo - awash.
I came tonight with my boyfriend to get fitted for a suit and received the MOST TERRIBLE service. I've come a million times and  leave happy, but that was not the case tonight. The employee asked if we needed help, we said we wanted to check out some of the suits, the employee goes on to ask if we were going to buy, and we explained maybe if we found one that we loved. He then goes on to say that if we weren't going to buy then there was basically no sense in helping us. Very short and rude. I would try another Nordstrom if looking for menswear.
Ok maybe i am too picky. But i heard how good their food is...! Yeah if you were on of those kids who liked cafeteria food back in high school maybe. Now the workers are 100 %better than the mean upset cafeteria workers, friendly and more than helpful. Over all they are clean and have a welcoming atmosphere. But i would encourage those of you who are interested to try it for your selves, my boyfriend loved their meat loaf.
PS Rob T, I am Sicilian from NYC so you damned well better believe that I can judge a Cannolli from behind glass. Problem with people who have not grown up with Italian desserts is that they think these nasty little excuses for Cannolli at Greek gyro express are actually good!!! Oh and yeah, u really have nothing better to do than make a dumb statement on Yelp when someone posts an opinion that differs from yours??  Grow up.
this has been a nightmare company to work with. we got an original bid and then decided to down size our project to stay within our budget. we eliminated some of the things we wanted figuring it would lower the total cost only to find out that Damon had raised the cost of labor, removal and cost per item to keep the bill high. what a con artist. when i approached him on the subject he avoided me for weeks until he wanted his final payment. we had to pay for lighting in the back yard that Damon ordered then didnt install or deliver. im owed over $2000 in lighting that i cant get a return call on. damon is a joke. he has no landscaping skills what soever. he over charges on everything. BIG RIPOFF!!!!!!
I paid sixty dollars, plus tip, to have stylist Tatiana M color my hair. I described what I wanted and she pulled up a picture. So her understanding was fantastic. Sadly her execution was abysmal. I ended up with three shades of purple hair instead of the grey platinum envisioned. Although we talked, by the time Tatiana offered to attempt to fix the job, I had more than a quarter inch of growth and had to fix it myself--which I did in one session, at home, with dye and a mix of toners. For six bucks. \n\nI gave her the opportunity to make this right, and she didn't jump on it. Moreover, the manager, and Tatiana, were perfectly wiling to take my money and let me walk out of that studio completely dissatisfied. \n\nThis type of service does not allow me to recommend them to anyone. Tatiana was great, but I had live with horrid hair and pay 60 dollars plus tip for the lesson. Perhaps I should have been more assertive. However, I think the words, \""I am not happy with this work because it is three shades of dark purple.\"" are sufficient
Don't trust them.\nThese guys will size you up, and get as much money from you as they possibly can.\nWe applied for credit through them, they did testing and applied other charges to bring the bill up to the maximum credit, then told us that there was nothing they could do and put her down.\nThey could have done an x-Ray, but instead did an MRI for 5x the cost.\nThanks for fleecing us before you put our dog down.\n\nAlso: the doctors and vet tech/assistants were incredibly insensitive and caused my dog unnecessary pain.  The doctor moved her around aggressively and the assistant tried to lift her up by grabbing her by the feet and lifting, despite my dog having knee and back problems.
DO NOT ever go to Tempe St. Lukes Hospital. They released my Dad earlier today. Basically saying nothing was wrong with him. Follow up with your regular Doctor......yada yada yada. I had to call 911 tonight because he couldn't breath. They took him to Banner Desert where within 15 min the Dr. diagnosed him with Congestive Heart Failure.
Wow. Just, wow. As a former employee of this location, I'm sorely disappointed. I used to be a hostess here and always LOVED the food. So I figured I'd take my boyfriend to grab a nice breakfast. Boy was I wrong. I ordered the huevos rancheros with chorizo (always been my favorite) and ended up with eggs and bland potatoes, with chunky sour cream (ew) and a light sprinkling of chorizo. Um, what? I paid almost 30 bucks for this? The food was bland and not good at all. I couldn't even finish my meal it was that bad. I'll never go back. How disappointing. Maybe you should stop recruiting your employees/chefs from McDonalds. The good egg has really let itself go.
This place was pretty nice and clean but the service needs to be improved. My wife daughter and I walked in to have dinner. The greeter asked how many in our party. I said 3 and they said ok we will put you in the back. Didn't understand why we were being buried in the back and I felt somewhat insulted. Not worried about it because I will never go here again. This is why I am writing this to make sure that none of my friends or fellow yelpers get hosed like I did. It gets better so please read on. \n\nShortly after being seated our waiter Larry showed up and seemed very nice. My wife ordered a water, my daughter ordered a pink lemonade and I ordered a Guinness. Larry was slick with pressuring my wife to order a frozen drink. I noticed that on the menu you could ask the waiter about purchasing a pint glass or a hurricane glass for an additional fee. we were never offered if we even wanted to purchase the glasses. Larry decided that we needed them. When I ordered my meal I ordered The Texan. I ate the meal and it was not that bad. Larry was helpful and courteous. Then I got the bill and found that I was charged the 17.50 super sized price for the meal vs the 13.50 price that I noticed was on the menu. I didn't ask nor was I offered the super sized meal for the 17.50 price. Larry was slick again and had gotten over on me. I had not noticed anything at this point on the check. Larry tried to get us to have dessert but we passed on it. Larry had asked me to do a customer survey as he gets great feedback from his job. I assured him that I would give him feedback. He also sat at our table and tried to explain something else to us about a menu item that was not on our table. we declined to have it and Larry said I just had to tell you about it because I always forget.\n\nThis Larry guy basically got over on us and made us pay for things that we really didn't want. I could have gone back up stairs and made a scene but I figured I would just tell everyone what they did to me and hope that no one else gets taken. I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!!! I am sure that his company makes him do these things to people and this is why you must go down stairs to pay for your meal. They are a sneaky and they got me this once. Never again!! FK U HARD ROCK!!
BASED ONLY ON CLEANLINESS!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nSince C first opened its doors, it immediately became our favorite place to stay. But, it seems as though every time we go back which is quite often,  the level of service and cleanliness shrinks. \n\nHotel d\u00e9cor-one of the most beautiful hotels in Vegas. A girl can dream that her house one day will look like the chandelier bar lounge that Cosmo has. \n\nRooms-any room you get, it's guaranteed that it will be nice and the view will be spectacular. However, my review will solely be based on housekeeping and cleanliness of the rooms based on the LAST couple of times we have been there and most recent Labor Day 2013.\n* Sheet and pillow had blood stain on it and smelled horrific\n* Used condom on the floor \n* Glass had lipstick stains\n* Comforter had a black shoe print on it as if someone walked on the bed with their shoes. How housekeeping missed this is besides me!\n* Towels had \""yellow\"" stain on them\n\n\nAfter reading other reviews, I agree with some people as far as this hotel catering to more of the younger crowd and maybe wanting to show an image that people \""party\"" at Cosmo but dude c'mon the above is nothing more than ridiculous and plain NASTYYYYYYYY. \n\nFor a place that is overpriced on EVERYTHING such as food, rooms, spa, water, and chances of you winning gambling at this small casino is RARE, you would think everything would be up to par especially housekeeping. NOPE!!!! Done!
Stay away! After 5 visits averaging 30+ minutes waiting for the doctor, I show up 10 minutes late and I am turned away. The Dr. was not even professional enough to come out and tell me himself. I was the last appointment of the day at 3pm so perhaps he had somewhere better to be. He's kind of weired to top it off. Always trying to \""up sell\"" you on some product he schleps in the office.
Not my favorite.  I've been in twice now and each time I was really uninspired with the food I ordered.  It's pretty standard bar food but there was no wow factor.  The second time I went in was a total bummer.  I was strugglin' that day and just needed something delicious.  I ordered the nachos which arrived cold, as in the artificial cheese (like snack booth style) was COLD.  The server didn't really seem to care which didn't really help make matters any better.  Weak Sauce.
I have been standing in line for over 60 minutes. Paid 30 minutes in waiting another 30 after i pay is complerely rude. They are apso letring literally 100 \""vip\"" Members in front of the uncool people never again will i eat here
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. I was there this past Saturday. We waited for over an hour to get into this place and it was not even close to being worth it. It was packed and crowded and completely disorganized. Not to mention we were in the Guest List line. Awful. \n\nAnyway, thank goodness we got in for free. Cover would have been $30 bucks and I would have hated myself for paying it and having a terrible time inside. I did manage to pay $16 dollars for a watered down Vodka Red Bull. Thanks. The music wasn't good either. I recognized maybe one song. The rest was a terrible concoction of whatever the DJ was making up. When we did make our way to the dance floor, it was chaos. And NOT the good kind. There were way too many people trying to fit into too small a space making it simply impossible to dance, let alone move. We were out of there within 20 minutes tops. \n\nI rarely take the time to write reviews. So seriously, don't waste your time at this establishment. With all the other clubs to choose from, use this as a last resort.\n\nTerrible.
I am so incredibly pissed off right now,so I stop at Circle K to pick up a ginger ale before work, me and this other chick are standing in line one of the associates was behind the counter  just scanning cigarettes I'm assuming for inventory, and the other one was making coffee after standing there for about 2 minutes  having been completely ignored by both clerks who I know saw both of us customers standing there, I ask the chick behind the counters scanning cigarettes if she could help us because I didn't want to be late for work. She turned around rolled her eyes at me and said well we wouldn't want you to be late for work now would we. \n\nI just smiled at her and just paid for my Ginger ale asked for the clerks name and then she refused to give me my Receipt.  At My Morning break I attempted to Call and talk to the manager about her employees behavior, I was told the manager was busy, I asked to be placed on hold I was told that the manager was in fact not there I asked for the cooperate office number and was hung up on. \n\nI have gone to Circle K 's for Years for my Fuel and Daily snack and drink but if this is how their employees are going to act I will take my business elsewhere,
Please tell Candace not to give customers their check prior to asking for it. Thanks for cutting my night short.
NO WAY. Sort comments by date, and you'll see there aren't any positive comments that are recent! The salon is under new management and so is the school. It's a nightmare going through the school - one of my besties graduated a year ago and still doesn't have a date for her exam because Carsten keeps filing her paperwork incorrectly. Now she is repaying her student loan and can't even practice! The school's administration is beyond a mess.\n\nThe salon is also a disaster... like other reviewers mentioned you can't request the stylist you want. It's like Russian roulette going in there! I wouldn't take a chance on it if I were you.
I would consider any review above one star for Beckett's Table to be suspect.\n\nWe had reservations for 6 on a week night. Of course the table was late, the drinks were slow to arrive and the waiter was really an all-time low. Oddly enough, we are not a hard group to please, but this place is so ridiculously bad, it angered me enough to write.\n\nThe food.....terrible. Overpriced and below average with a hefty dose of hipster attitude to try to hide its inadequacy. The waiter explained the charcuterie plate as \""cheese, some special sauce, and of course nuts\"". He couldn't suggest an entree and barely understood the difference between red and white wine.\n\nSo for $95 a couple we got.....taken advantage of badly. Never again.
DISGUSTING locker room!!  I was in there a couple days ago, went to change in the locker room, and almost sat on a USED q-tip!  Along with pieces of trash all over the floor, there was bundled up socks stuff in one corner of the floor, and plenty of people who don't mind walking around barefoot coming in and out of the shower.  Or bending  over naked and using the hand dryers to blow dry their junk!  There is tile falling off the wall and laying broken on the floor, and you can see the mold on it.\nThe gym area is slightly better on cleanliness, but plenty of patrons don't feel the need to wipe down equipment.  You'll often find wet paper towels left on machines, and sticky handles on machines (cardio) from dried up sweat.  For $30 a month, this gym used to be great value.  Its too disgusting to keep going there.  The worst part is no one there seems to care.....
You guessed it ... another Rent-a-Car centre one-star from this yelp.com user.\n\nThis is not isolated stuff here. \n\nEvery one of these companies at McCarran bait and switch, accept reservations (even pre-paid), and then do not honour. \n\nThe following is my firsthand experience with Thrifty:\n\nIt was late Thursday night. I guess it was during Spring Break (how this is germane is beyond me, but it was brought up by an employee). I had already been turned away by several McCarran companies, like E-Z, Firefly (rentals, not the restaurant with horrific health code violations), and maybe another. \n\nI quickly make a reservation on my fancy phone via carrentals.com. Just 15$/day, which seemed like a steal at the time, especially with my 12$/day pre-paid reservation at E-Z not being honoured, and enormous queues at Hertz and Payless, but when I reach the counter I am informed they have no cars. I can wait until 0400 -- I am told (it is 0030 at this point) -- or, I can accept a hook-up to an unnamed company (different from Thrifty) for fifty (50) dollars ($) a day. Fifty! \n\nYou see ... it was either agree to fifty a day or wait for four or more hours for a car. And this was some other company -- one that was never named -- that this Thrifty employee was referring me to. Paraphrasing here: \""If you walk up right now, it would be eighty a day. I can get your fifty because this is my friend and I will be sending you to them.\"" Later, she repeated this line, but mistakenly estimated the walk-up rate now to be ninety (90), because of \""Spring Break.\"" You can't make this shit up. \n\nAfter I say no, politely, I sit for about five minutes or less -- no bullshit -- and, the same employee tells me to head back to the counter because they had my car. The 15$/day car. My untested hypothesis is that it was there all along. \n\nIt had Colorado plates and was filthy, inside and out. I turned it in cleaner after the weekend than it was when dispatched to me.
Food here was not that good.. The service was slow and food server  was Not friendly. It took them 45 minutes to bring out my linguini and clam food order.\nThe food quality was not great there. I also think the restaurant is very pricey for the food portions you get.
Nice people, pretty store.  None of that matters when even the manager is apparently unable to remedy problems caused by a lack of full disclosure by one of their employees.  Went to swap phones, that went well.  Offered a \""free\""tablet (so long as added $10/month to contract), which I said didn't want or need, but was convinced to take it home and see how family liked it.  I was assured more than once: \""no problem to bring it back, just be sure to do it within two weeks.\""  Family prefers to wait for ipad purchase, so returned it.  Guess what? No problem to return it so long as one pay $70 for restocking fee -- and, mind you, this is for a *giveaway* product! Store acts as though the sales guy would not have failed to disclose the restocking fee but, even if he had, the store has \""no power\"" to waive the fee (according to what the sales guy said - the manager never had the courtesy even to come out to discuss the problem). It was also made clear that the rep who gave me the \""free\"" tablet could be fired for his mistake if I insisted on saying he made one (even though I would still be stuck).  The charges for returns do appear on the receipt -- but one does not see the receipt because it is sent electronically to your \""My Verizon\"" account -- and, in all events, the contact is by then completed, so one is still stuck with the charges.  I feel totally scammed.  I have been a VW customer for many years, but this experience has been sufficiently distasteful to warrant a change.  ATT service has really improved and it seems time to give them a try.
Looked at yelp and wanted to try it today but it is closed, forever apparently.
VERY disappointed.  I've had their Jerry Lewis burger before and it was great.  Today I again ordered one, and my daughter ordered the Breakfast Burger.  My burger was RAW in the middle.  Now I like my burgers on the medium side but this was RAW and left blood on my plate.  Oh and did I mention that we waited more than 30 minutes to get our food???  Well, the waitress took the burger back and left the fries for me to eat.  (Hmmm, why not fresh fries with the new burgers?)  A few bites later, my daughter got into the middle of her burger and it also was raw, even though we thought it would be okay as the patty was thinner.  Back it went, and again the fries were left to get cold.  I told the waitress we were very disappointed and did not want to sit there another 30 minutes waiting for replacement burgers after both turned out to be undercooked.  She brought us a bill charging us for 2 baskets (4.99 each) of fries!!  which by the way she whisked off the table along with my daughter's fork so she couldn't even eat the coleslaw.   I asked her if she thought we had had the benefit of 2 baskets of fries and she admitted that no, and changed the bill to 5.95.  Wow - what a bargain.  After spending a good 40 minutes in there, leaving hungry, we paid for the privilege.  Did I mention that half the fries were hard and underooked as well?  I wasn't even aware that you could make hard half raw fries!!  Time for some new cooks in the kitchen.  We will NOT be going back even if they do have great shakes.  Well, maybe just for the shakes.  As we left we passed a univ. student with a half eaten burger - visibly raw in the centre.  They will be lucky if nobody dies of e-coli from there.
Problems before I even walked into the store. I went on their website to find out hours of operation on Monday morning at about 7 am. On the website it says hours are Monday through Saturday 9 am to 5 pm.(which they as of recently have changed, since I complained about it) I had my scooter towed over to the store which isn't in the greatest neighborhood and there was a large piece of paper taped over the window written in sharpie over the Monday that said Tuesday. I left my scooter there rather than paying another 80 dollars to get it towed back to my house and another 80 back to the shop. It was a risk on my part but thankfully my scooter was still there on Tuesday morning when I arrived. When I walked in the door and told the man at the counter about coming by on Monday he said in a very condescending and quite frank manner \""We are always closed on Mondays\"". So we get to business and he tells me that before he can even look at my scooter he is going to charge me 55 dollars. I tell him fine and ask him how long it will be before they get to it. He says \""tomorrow, there are two scooters in front of yours\"". I also mention to him that I would only like an estimate on a mount for my starter and again he says condescendingly \""uhg, you mean a coupling\"". I say \""sure but I would like an original part\"". The next day I call back and the man on the phone tells me that they won't even be able to get to it for another day because I have three scooters in front of me. Somehow time and space has collapsed. The following day he calls me on the phone and tells me that he cant even start until he replaces the coupling and it will cost 55 dollars for labor and 55 dollars for the part, also disregarding my request for the original part, says he is going to replace it with a part from Taiwan. For one, the labor for this part would run around 15 minutes of work. I don't know many people that get paid 220 dollars an hour for labor besides doctors maybe. I told him that I would install it myself and he said not only does he not know if it would fit, but if he did sell it to me and it didn't fit, it would be mine. Regardless, this store has you already because your into them for 55 dollars the second you walk through the door and the eighty dollars it just cost you to tow it to them.  Another thing, he said that he would have to replace that before he could get any further and along with that he would have to do two different things to my scooter that cost 60 dollars a piece before he could even begin to find out what was wrong with it (even if it is just bad gas). So I would have been into it already for 340 dollars before they could even get to the root of the problem. Further, I built a very nice coupling from scratch, but he says that they won't do \""shotty\"" work.(contradicting the fact that he wanted to put a Taiwanese part that may not even have fit). I tried to explain to him that it was unnecessary for him to have a coupling on the scooter in order to do the work and it was ridiculous of me to pay him 110 dollars for something I could do myself. He started arguing with me that the only way to start the scooter is with the magic start switch that he HAD to install) and waving in my face that I should already owe him 55 dollars but out of the kindness of his heart he wouldn't charge me the amount that I would have had to give him for probably not even touching the scooter besides walking it into the building from outside and then walking it outside from inside. If you have a scooter that needs working on, there is a scooter place a quarter of a mile up the road from them. Everything that happened here displayed a few things to me: first, they don't know anything about electricity. Second, they don't know anything about mechanics. A real mechanic could start it and have a rough idea of what was wrong with it before having to repair a bunch of things that aren't even wrong with it in the first place. If I could give it negative stars I would. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE.
This is not the Shawarma I am used to. If you want real Shawarma, you have to go to Dearborn, Michigan, or Lebanon. This is not even close. It was aweful. I still have not found a place on the West Coast that makes good authentic Shawarma sandwiches.\n\nShawarma is lamb or chicken that is spiced and cooks while it turns on a ventricle roaster. The cooked meat is cut off as it turns and then rolled in pita bread. The meat shawarma usually comes warped with onions and tahini sauce with pickled turnips. The chicken is rolled with a garlic sauce and pickled cucumbers. Both sandwiches are then placed on a panini grill to toast the bread. That is a shawarma sandwich.\n\nNote******\nThis place was on Dirty Dining in July. I just seen that today on the Channel 13 website.
Dropped in for happy hour, and couldn't get a waitress.  Finally came she wasn't attentive at all.
Hookah Bookah is a joke. If you are someone who likes to just walk up and down the southside  on saturday nights, then feel free to stop in. But if you are looking for an authentic hookah smoking experience and atmosphere, pass this by. This place is loud, uncomfortable, and not authentic. Just alof of folding chairs, tables, and people sitting there pecking away at their cell phones with a hookah pipe in their mouth. This really is not the communal experience that it is supposed to be. Plus the outside looks like crap, just a bad banner thrown up on the front facade and nothing that looks like they put any effort into the atmosphere. And there is a kid that walks through the mass of people with a blazing hot dish of charcoal to refresh hookahs with. Not a very safe idead if you ask me. Imaging someone carrying lit charcoal though a packed crowd where people are picking up chairs and moving them around in a closet. I didn't even try the food. I mean i think there was food since there was a neon pizza sign in the back... again killing the atmosphere. Stay away from this place unless you are just looking for a place to sit around and look stupid in.
P\u00e9simo ambiente,  exceso de ruido y los meseros se tardan un mont\u00f3n en llevar los cubiertos,  no me gust\u00f3 y no se lo recomiendo a nadie,  como dice afuera que es un lugar familiar con tanto ruido.
When this placed first opened it was great.  It has deteriorated a lot since. Even on a slow day the wait is minimum 1 hour.  Car comes out dirty, and water spotted because they don't have enough people to dry them quick enough. They use to have free internet, not anymore. I have better things to so with my time than hang out here. Trust Me it's worth driving another 10 minutes and going else where.  Also CHEAPER !!!!!!
Horrible! The rice is overcooked, and there is no flavor to their food.  I have tried this place three times-- never again! How can Thai food be so bland?
Terrible! Wings tasted like they were all made at the beginning of the day, then reheated when sold. Pizza was below average. \n\nWasted $22
Visited this place the evening of Sunday, December 22nd. We arrived a little after 9pm. My friend and I sat at the bar excited to have a couple drinks and enjoy what seemed to be a really fabulous ambiance. We sat down, took off our coats, got comfy and got ready to order drinks. It was at this point the bartender said they were closed. We looked around and the guys next to us at the bar had shiny new and full pints. We told the bartender that it was only 9:05pm and all he said was sorry and shrugged his shoulders. Not sure what we did to piss him off (if we did) but sheesh that was shitty! Plan to tell everyone I know and I'll make sure to never go there again. May not even go to Food Truck Fridays anymore either...
When this place first opened I was extremely excited about something new and \""healthy\"" not too far from my home. Turns out its not as \""Healthy\"" as it promotes to be and is a bit over priced for the quality of the food. To me, Health= organic. If its not organic its not healthy. I don't want to eat pesticides and chemicals, it defeats the purpose of the nutritious food. I went in a total of three different times ( in case someone didn't know what they were talking about) and I asked each time if any of their items were organic, the response \""NO.\"" How is this a healthy place when the food, including veggies and fruits,  are not organic? And why is it so pricey when you're feeding me pesticides, chemicals, and no \""added\"" but already there hormones? No thank You.
This confirms my opinion that restaurants that claim to have a great view rarely have good food but are always overpriced.  This one is also old and run down.
This place sucks!! I am from Chicago just recently sentenced to the valley, but I will tell you what, the food at this place is as authentic as a three dollar bill!! I mean they were rude, unfriendly, and their food reflected there attitude..it sucked! Owners let me tell you something just because you order a sign that say's \""Chicago style\"" and hang it outside doesn't mean that it is and you may be able to trick your Phoenix natives but true chicago folk should know the difference. The reality is that if you were on Clark st. Competing for business you'd last about 10 minutes before you went dark. Your food is bland and nasty. Your employees seem like extras from the movie \""coma\"" and look like they could use an FMLA day, and your place is unkempt and dirty. I pray that a white castle opens nearby and steals your handful of customers, it would not be hard. Next time I will take video of the place and the food as well as the staff and their attitude and post it on you tube for those who have any doubt. Finally, try using real Vienna giardinara peppers not your own creation because your way off. By the way, I will post a link to view your county health inspection for all to see!! Have a \nwindy city day buckaroo.
okay I really really really want to give kudos to this restaurant due to it being a Phoenix icon.  however they are struggling  financially right now and I think the reason is that while other steakhouses have embraced the fact that people want to eat healthier, adding salads and less filling foods to their menu, this place has decided to keep a very old school steakhouse fried chicken mantra.  I am gluten free and can only order ribs or chicken with no barbecue sauce.  I do have breakfast but it stops at noon which would alleviate the problem of me trying  trying to find something to eat.  because of the lack of items that I can eat, combined with the fact that my vegetarian daughter can find nothing to eat,  we won't be back so they  lost my entire family.  it's great to have traditions but you also have to change with the times.
We went there for lunch on a weekday.  Worst customer service. One of our waiters was extremely grumpy and got upset when we werent ready to order. I got the grilled chicken and it was RAW. and cash only. Awful experience and mediocre food. Never going back again.
I never even made it into this salon--I wanted to try it--I really did.  I called to let the stylist know that I had found them online and wanted to get pricing on a shampoo, cut, and style.  While I did get the pricing, the woman acted like being on the phone with a potential new client was the LAST thing she wanted to do.\n\nI asked her if she does Saturday appointments, she responded \""Yes we do,\""...silence...silence...silence...silence--you get the point. I'm thinking O-k, guess you're not going to ask if I want to make an appointment. I thanked her and ended the call.\n\nI have always had a good rapport with my stylist, and it started with the first call.  First impressions are lasting and the impression she gave me was that I needed to try another salon!
I usually love Benihana, and this one is really nice asthetically, but my entire party became ill after eating here.\n\nThe only thing we all had was fried rice, so we suspect chicken that wasn't quite right...\n\nThe service was good, but to pay over $300 for a meal and get sick from it is just wrong (there were 5 of us).
We Drove up to the new business for the first time and hesitated to go in bc there was no one in the restaurant but us, so we thought we give it a try anyway. We ordered beef dumpling, Steamed soup dumpling, and home made soup all tasted great. best dumpling in town, minus the loud red chair decor. Love the glass window to view chef Making their dumpling from scratch similar to Ding Tai Fung. Will be back for more juicy dumplings.
Best pulled pork in Phoenix!! Great food from the top of the menu to the bottom. You won't regret trying this BBQ
Best wings ever!!!! There is no place that can stand near this place for wings.
Regardless of my age, I will always love Disney. Every time I see a Disney store while out on vacation, I have to go! Now that I have a kid I even have more reasons to go! The Disney outlet is great, they have a ton of similar stuff you would find at a regular Disney store, except discounted! On our visit there, my daughter was feeling a little under the weather so I thought a trip here would cheer her up, they had a ton of sales on shirts.. $3-5 dollars on kids characterized t-shirts..2.99 for tumbler cups for the kiddies, and a sale on their plates and such.. they had a ton of sale racks for clothing in the back of the store, along with more sale items against the walls..this put a big smile on my face along with the baby girl! Their plush toys weren't really that much of a sale to me.. I think over in the bay area they go for 2 for 25 or something? Over here they go for 2 for $28, only a 3 dollar difference..haha but I love bargains! I did find a really cute Oswald the rabbit plushie.. I haven't seen in any of the Disney Stores I been too.. I love Disney =)
i'm so sad that my new favorite restaurant is all the way in vegas!!!!!!! i guess we'll just have to plan more trips :oD\n\ni'm a major creature of habit so my bf took me here without giving me much choice. and im sooo glad he \""forced\"" me!!! hehe. it was both of our first time at agave, and we were in awe. \n\nwe waited about 25 mins to sit at the patio. it was a long wait on an empty stomach, but well worth it. enjoyed the margarita tonala (strawberry margarita) as we waited. the decor is beautiful!!!!! i loved the restrooms. check out the sinks.... pretty dope! and the gorgeous mirror outside the restrooms.... can i take it home?!?!?! \n\npatio was very nice & romantic. a few fireplaces to sit and have drinks by. \nthey served 3 different salsas that were yummy. my boyfriend ordered the duck quesadillas. they were sooo good and full of flavor!! i got the potato and portabello mushroom tacos!!!!! oh my heart. how can something veggie taste sooo good! they give you 3 stuffed tacos and they are with hard BLUE corn tortillas! never seen this before. the hard tacos gave it great texture. \n\nthe staff was really nice & attentive. decor and ambience was amazing. location is great, right across from red rock hotel & casino. & wasn't expensive at all!!!! it was about $30 for both of us. you gotta try this place! we'll def be coming back on our next vegas trip.
Bella Voi is now my new salon! I've been to several salons in Surprise and haven't been satisfied like I was with Athena! She's awesome and knows what she's going. Her prices are very decent. I highly recommend her!!
I was in Vegas last week and it was day 5 into my vacation out there and I really missed California, so I decided to eat here.  As always, it was delicious!  They didn't disappoint at all! \n\nI always order the following:\n\n#2 animal style fries and animal style cheeseburger with the spread on the side.  my drink of choice: lemon-up.\n\nYUM.. I think I'll have this for lunch today. :)
First time here and this place is pretty good. The prices on food is reasonable.  The lentil soup is delicious, and lamb kabob was cooked right.
My second time here (plus one to go order) and I love it as much as the first. I've now had the lemongrass rice lunch plate with chicken, the garlic sauce wings, some pork spring rolls, and the beef pho. I have not been disappointed with anything and most of these items came from recommendations from their friendly staff. Very cute, modern decor. Love the music. Drink selection is very nice and I'm glad they support local breweries. The best part is that the things you wouldn't typically find in a Vietnamese restaurant have been knock outs! ie the chicken wings. Everything has a certain flair so it stays true to the concept. \n\nI really love the staff. They are knowledgable and friendly and very welcoming. Keep it up Slanted Rice! I am hooked.
NAIL -----+ HEAD!!!\n\nThank you, eat.!\n\nWhen one is stuck in the saddest place is the world that is Las Vegas, one's skin might crawl. Mine actually itches. eat was such a pleasant respite from the strip mall hell that is most of that town, and it really brings it with the food and the atmosphere.\n\n--Great music playing that's not too loud.\n\n--Fantastic food with something for everyone (and generous portion sizes like the rest of this town).\n\n--We had the truffled egg sandwich minus bacon (hey people, if one doesn't get bacon can you PLEASE add something else or take off some money?!), the arugula/asparagus salad, and a side of cheesy grits. Everything was delicious, and the home fries that come with the egg sandwich are actually REAL home fries, as in, crisped and tossed with onion. We saw a number of delicious-looking menu items gets sent out from our counter/kitchen-view seats. The housemade veggie burger looked particularly amazing too.\n\n--Also, coffee!! The first/only decent coffee I had on the whole trip, and you can get Sugar in the Raw.\n\n--Leftovers NOT packed in styrofoam!! Hallelujah! While the rest of Las Vegas attempts to kill the environment and the humans in it at every turn, here at eat you can get leftovers packed in paper!\n\nWe had counter seats with a view (and ear) to the kitchen. We figured out why there are so many complaints about service. It is slow and inconsistent, and frequently there were up to 8 meals ready to go out to tables, but servers weren't taking them as fast as the kitchen was working. Also, for some reason, instead of table numbers or seat numbers, one person would say \""This is for the heavyset gentleman in the hat over there\"" rather than \""This is table 11.\"" Very odd. \n\nOur service was fine, and we weren't in a hurry but I hope if any owner/manager reads this you'll take the service complaints to heart. They seem valid. Also, vegetarians really hate having to ask for a left-off ingredient like bacon, prosciutto, sausage (things with an upcharge) but not getting offered something for a sub or $1 off.\n\nIf I ever have to return to the saddest place in the world I will eat here at least once.
ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS....\n\ni loved the outdoor lounge area..\n\n\nDEFINITELY COMING BACK.
Excellent service and really nice, honest folks.  \nMy A/C was blowing cool air, but not very much of it.\nI called at 11PM for a non-emergent issue, as I wanted to be sure to get a call scheduled ASAP, so my dogs would not be in a hot house.  It was not a problem, but I did disturb some sleep.  \nThe following day, Dustin arrived right on schedule.  He diagnosed my problem in short order, advised me of my options, and implemented the best fix.  He even educated me about my replacement options for when the time comes, so I can budget and get the right unit for my needs - all without a hint of hard-sell or \""replace it now\"" like you get from so many service companies.\nAll told, the fix was in place and my house was cooling down in about an hour.  The service call was less money than expected and the system is working better than it has in years.\nDuke's of Air will get to replace my system when the time comes.  Good, honest service made me a loyal customer.  So if you need heating or air-conditioning service, give them a shout.
TruFusion is hands down the best yoga/Pilates studio in Vegas. The unlimited monthly rate is so reasonable. Usually these classes would cost at least $20 per class. The facility is very modern and clean. So many class times throughout the day for each category. I love it! The instructors are great especially Liz, Martin & Janelle. I love the hot Pilates & sculpt, TRX, and bootcamp classes. Located on eastern and the 215 so really close to everything. No complaints! 5 stars!
George's is nothing short of incredible. The original gyro is loaded with tender gyro meat and the right amount of Tzatziki sauce (yogurt and cucumber are the main ingredients) and reasonably priced. On occasion you can grab it at $5 but even at the normal price of $6.25 it's a bargain. It comes with fries or salad. If you're adventurous, you can choose from variations of the original including a Philly Gyro. The service is super friendly and helpful. The guy who prepares your sandwich evens delivers it to your table with a smile. The place is a little challenging to find. It's on the back end of the Papago Plaza sandwiched between some vacant stores and a barber shop but worth the search!
It's been said a million times, but VEGAN DONUTS!!!\n\nThey're so so so so good. I only have Voodoo Doughnuts in Portland, OR to compare with, but I have to say I liked Ronald's a lot more. These are the traditional type donuts. Very inexpensive, very tasty, very fresh. \n\nWe ended up getting a dozen assorted ($7.35) and a dozen donut holes ($1.00) for our wedding celebration!! Of course we had a few fancy donuts and coffee while we were there.\n\nDefinitely worth the monorail -- bus ride (#213 from convention center) -- walk -- bus ride -- monorail. (Cheaper, and more fun than a cab!)
O M G. O took my breath away.\n\nSwimming pool on the stage? Check. \nDiving board 50ft up in the air? Check\nContortionists? Check\nGlitzy Vegas surroundings? Check\nGreat music? Check\nPossibility to buy the CD at the door? Check.\n\nBut O Cirque du Soleil, you had me at the swimming pool. (tear)
I AM BEYOND IMPRESSED.\n\nAs a major foodie coming from Southern California for Spring break, I have ate my hearts out around Orange County but this place. This place is something special. \n\nThe service was amazing! My glass of water was never empty for more than 1 minute. The server was very informative and helpful. He really knew his cows. \n\nFinally decided on Filet mignon, medium rare. BEST. I Have EVER had. Morton Steakhouse has nothing on this mother Spaceship of a Steakhouse... \n\nI always thought people sounded so stupid when they said meat melted like butter in my mouth until this filet mignon melted in my mouth, LITERALLY like butter. Okay. You get my point. \n\nWHAT THE BUCK ARE YOU WAITING FOR! GOGOO!!! Good luck foodies :) muah xo \n\nPS THE MASH POTATOES ......... #idiedofhappiness
Traveling through Madison and this place was close, so I took the chance-- so happy I did! I came back again today. Easy to drop in, great protein shake selection for post workout, good clean facilities, and yoga classes! The best part though is the incredibly friendly staff. Will come back next time I'm in Madison.
Tr\u00e8s bonne place o\u00f9 la nourriture est excellente, le service irr\u00e9prochable et tr\u00e8s convivial aussi, on nous a offert des shooters de sak\u00e9 en fin de soir\u00e9e car nous \u00e9tions les derniers. Il y a aussi une petite salle priv\u00e9e pour des r\u00e9servations sp\u00e9ciales. Le cuisinier pr\u00e9pare les sushis derri\u00e8re son bar et on peut profiter du spectacle. Tout est beau! Faites flamber la CB \u00e7a vaut la peine!
Best place to club when in vegas! Went for a last minute getaway with my bf and michelle hooked us up! No waiting in line and hooked us up with drinks. I love her.\n\nHit up my girl Michelle for guestlists and tables. She will take care of u! Promise!! 9087703570
I looove this place! Thankfully, I have never had to wait for more than 20 minutes, although the wait is so worth it.\n\nI have tried pretty much everything except their pastas. The oysters, clam chowder, pan roast, jambalaya, cioppino, gumbo, everything is really good. Each time we come here we end up ordering too much food, really one pan roast is enough for two people. But no, we like to polish off a dozen oysters on the half shell, share a bowl of chowder and then each order an entr\u00e9e. Egad. \n\nI will say this, it is kind of expensive. The portions are huge but as I said before, we cannot control ourselves and end up ordering too much food and the bill turns out to be bloody expensive. But it's so good!
Fresh delicious food and generous portions. Love Pita Jungle.  The roasted chicken salad is the best.  My 2nd favorite is humus with roasted chicken in a wrap. Because I do not eat  Wheat  they graciously substitute Brown rice.  As soon as they serve Wheat Free wraps I will come more often.  \n\n1949 W. Ray Rd. was the closest location.  Recently a location opened at 4921 E. Ray Rd. only 6 minutes from my house.  OH Happy Pita Jungle day.  \n\nServers are pleasant, accomodating and efficient.  Never have to wait long for a table or service.
Went here last week or somethin, \nstill delicious of course!\nBy the way someone pointed out in my past review \nI put it's vegetarian and some vegan when it really is all vegan. \nOh well, if you didn't mention it's vegan it could just be vegetarian! haha \nYay green!
There's an authentic ramen place in Las Vegas! I was really impressed with Monta Noodle House. Their menu is very simple and short. I tried the Tonkotsu Ramen and it was delicious! All this pork fatty goodness in the broth and the noodles were perfectly cooked not too soggy not too hard. You can add an egg, pork, corn, more noodles or green onions for a couple more bucks. It's a small place which only fits about 26 people max, but it definitely is the best place for ramen. The broth is not from a package and I think this is what makes it oh so delicious. We added eggs to ours, but I wasn't that huge of a fan. The egg was too \""raw\"" for me, but the bf loved it.  The bf also ordered the mini mentaiko bowl, which is rice with cod roe. I didn't try it, but he liked it and the eggs are a lil more fishy than masago. Definitely coming back for more and be prepared to be a lil sweaty when you eat!
Best sandwich in Las Vegas! I ate there twice recently. You won't find a better sandwich for $5.99.
Great pizza for when you have those munchies that won't seem to go away when all of the restaurants have closed down past 12 AM. Pick up a slice or an entire box. I got a slice of cheese pizza and it was a generous size. Went back for seconds. I'm sure everything else is as delicious as the cheese pizza is. Definitely go to food when you're drunk and need a quick pick me up or for a snack. Good luck finding it in the hotel. It's hidden away behind a cool alley decorated with records!
Another awesome visit without friends at Taxco. Chicken Quesadilla with a side of rice. Shredded chicken with a scoop of white cheese sauce.
Sooooo Late with this review(again, I'm always late lol) \n\nI stayed at the Signature last year for my 25th birthday. Me and my boys originally booked the MGM, but were moved to Signature for an upgrade. Wow, wow,wow! \n\nCheck in was quick, staff was extra friendly..and the rooms.. here we go\n\nWe got two rooms one JR and one bed room. They were next to each other so that was a plus. Of course since it was my birthday, I got the big room! In total we had 3 bathrooms, which was an ultimate plus seeing as my friends are a bunch a male divas lol. Kitchen was great. We bought liquor and thanks to the blender, we were able to make our own beverages. The balcony was great as it over looked Wet Republic(see my other review). The room was very spacious. I help my own pre game party there with 8 other people including my friends. We did have security come up once, music was too loud, but not a biggie.\n\nI booked for MDW this year, I can't wait!
The fresh made cookies here are excellent. The owner is always here making all sorts of bakery delights. We ordered a wedding cake here when we got married 6 years ago and come back at least twice a month.
My new Favorite Sushi place in town.
Best wings in the southeast.  Although bar is smokey the wings are hot.
I make sure to always make a stop by Jean Phillipe every visit to Vegas. Their desserts are as beautiful as they are scrumptious, though they can be sickeningly saccharine.\n\nI try something new every time, and I've loved everything I've tried.\n\nMy favorites have been the vanilla napoleon and the nutella opera cake.\nThe chocolate cheesecake is a bit too sweet, but still amazingly rich and delicious.\n\nTheir gelato is great, I LOVED the strawberry, and I'm usually not a strawberry ice cream kinda gal. I've also tried the mint chocolate chip (yum!) and the pistachio (good, but have had better).\n\nI've only tried one of the breads, the dulce de leche on the recommendation of yelp. I asked the worker which was better, the almond brioche or the dulce de leche, and she recommended the leche, with a heaping cup of attitude on top. Whatever.\n\nI found it severely lacking. It was both too dry and waaaaaay too sweet. Not a fan! \n\nStill, I go back for the beautifully decorated and meticulously made desserts. My goal: try their whole menu!
My heart flutters at the thought of this burger. Why is it so damn good? How does a squished up (read: never soggy) bun with too many ingredients for its own good just satisfy every expectation I could have for a burger? \n\nI'll tell you why. When you have fresh ingredients at your fingertips that are well prepared and seasoned, you get a better burger. And when they squish all those ingredients together in that foil, it doesn't matter what it looks like any longer because it's guaranteed to taste great.
Great selection of beers, something for everyone. My favorite is the Kilt Lifter. Beautiful patio area and inside you feel like you are part of the brewery. At times you can see them crafting the fine beers. Four Peaks also offers great food too.
One of the best sushis I have ever tried. Honestly, this place is amazing compared to other sushi places in Phoenix. The owner was very nice and friendly. You can't go wrong with this place.
If there was one more star I would give it 6. That's right, 6 stars for a bus. \""That must be a damn good bus!\"" you say and I say \""But of course.\"" \n\nI like to get tips on where I'm travelling if I know people who have gone and everyone told me, \""Just take cabs, their like $5 and its far to walk.\"" I'm glad we gave up on that sooner rather than later. Cabs are not \""like $5\"" more \""like $14\"" with tip, so that's a lot every time you want to move around during the day, which is, if you're active, about a dozen times. \n\nThe deuce is so tourist friendly it's pure insanity. It has great screens on both levels of the bus that show which stops are coming up and, on top of that, the voice will announce what you can connect to there and everything that is remotely in the area. It's wonderful! \n\nThe bus drivers are helpful and this puppy will take you all the way to Fremont street if you want! You can also connect to the airport or the Premium Outlets on this bad boy. Be careful though, once you get off the strip and this bus the transit isn't the best. This is amazing because it runs 24 hour a day and even in the middle of the night the longest you have to wait is 17 mins for a bus. Normally every few minutes. \n\nThe deuce may feel slow because it takes a long time to load everyone on at each stop but don't be fooled, you're still going faster than walking and it will help save your feet. \n\nThere are usually a ton of seats on the second level so don't be afraid to go up there, it's a nice view too. \n\nThe bus is $3 one way or $7 for the whole 24 hours, so just get the day pass, it's worth it. We also heard on our last day that you can get a 3 days pass for $15 from the machines at the bus stops. Next time, it's on like kong and I'm getting that on my first day!
I have been absolutely satisfied with the food at America's Taco Shop. I spent a couple of nights during their first week sampling the menu... The carne is as good as it gets...The menu is simple and filling, and the staff was/is extremely friendly and warm. I for one cannot wait for the patio to pick up with an evening with chips/salsa (which is AWESOME), a couple of tacos, and a bucket of beers before a Suns/D-Backs game... I am sure when the patio is complete (if they are smart) there will be speakers, some heaters, and good music. I can't say enough about the food... The corn is exceptional and different than anything I have had before. The salsa is fresh and just right. The meat is full of flavors and delicious on all of the items I have had, which is most of them... I was not able to finish off the bean burrito, but it could have been that I was so full from the 2 tacos, carne burro, and quesadilla I had pounded prior to it...I got half way through and was stuffed and at that point nothing was going to taste good...Wait, not true...the flan is excellent and it is making my stomach grumble right now that I don't have a piece to wash down the not so tasty Panda experience I had for lunch out here today... I am rambling now, but I want to post it clear here that America's Taco Shop is easily one of my new favorites in the area and I strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal at a reasonable price with friendly staff and a quaint atmosphere... One more thing, parking can be tricky, but it no worse than the place across the street (That's A Wrap), for those in the neighborhood, you know what I mean...I hope they stay around for a long time because I am just getting my appetite wet with their food!!! And hurry up and get that liquor license!
Tolan the manager is always super friendly! I've been going to Carlsbad for years so I am a regular, but that started because the service is friendly and the food is great. This is a very popular joint that's been around because they do what they can to please their customers. I'm surprised with some of the okay reviews (but you can't please everyone) maybe those people were having a bad day. Also a heads up the food is tasty and there are some dishes with some spice/flavor, that you may not think of so I always ask if it's spicy. You should go in this place if you haven't already. Yum!
Gabi!!  I am so thrilled that you also chose Illume for your wedding photos!!  We had a few messages back and forth about out wedding plans before the big day.\n\nI need to come back and write my own review - but for the time being - if you are considering Illume for any photos for any event - please take every thing Gabi said in her reviews and multiply them by 2 b/c she has said absolutely everything I would!!
Loved the place.  The service was great.  My glass never emptied until I left.  The food was great.  We did not realize that they have music every night.  We arrived early but the place was becoming packed as we were leaving.  The music was really good and not too loud, especially for the size of the place.  The variety of food on the menu would serve a variety of tastes.  Highly recommended!
Oh yes! so good! A long line made me hesitant but it went surprisingly quickly. Waited about 30 minutes. The food was totally worth it and price was fair after comparing it with other buffet prices. 25 for all you can eat on the weekend 30 for all you can drink champagne included. Great desserts, potatoes, good selection even for myself and Im a vegetarian. I heard the meat was delicious!
Came in for a new set of tires at 7:50am.  They were done by 8:10am!  Outstanding service, good price, and I'm a happy customer.  Will definitely return in the future!  I got Yokohama 216/60 16's for my Ford Taurus.
I'm converted! I use to be a loyal European Wax Center customer and after trying Urban Wax out for the first time today I will never go back! My waxer was amazing (sadly can't remember her name but I'm sure all the girls here are incredible based off of other reviews I've read). It was extremely quick and the pain level was significantly less than my previous wax experiences. I got the Itsy Bitsy and I would recommend any of their services. \n\nOn another amazing note, they offer their clients a free pair of cute panties after every wax session! Who does this? No other wax place I've been to! An extremely unique and welcoming perk that will keep me coming back for sure! \n\nTry this place out, you won't regret it! You get half off a bikini service or free facial or underarm waxing on your first visit!
I love Frances! Great mixture of clothes, accessories, gifts and home items. There was a lot to look at and I spent probably an hour and a half walking around and taking everything in. I was even texting and sending pictures to a friend and a couple coworkers for their opinions and to see if they wanted me to pick up anything for them. Walked out with a few pairs of Toms for myself and a coworker. Their prices on everything were good, much better than expected. I think the regular price of the Toms I bought were $3 less than other retailers plus I got them half price! I will definitely have to come back soon!
The 5 stars here is a no-brainier. We scooped up a last minute seating due to the added seats available because the terrace had opened up. I rarely get to sit and eat on terraces because I'm allergic to stings of all kinds, but it is early enough in the season that I took a chance and sat outside.\n\nThe terrace offers diners a heck of a lot more space than indoor dining. Big tables, plenty of elbow room, a fresh feeling with the wonderful feeling sitting alongside the garden of herbs and lettuce.\n\nOn this warm night I ordered the vichyssoise served with gravlax, crostini, and creme fraiche and white caviar. My man ordered the eel nuggets, served with 3 sauces, including our favorite; honey mustard.\n\nFor our mains, we both settled on meat. He ordered the Joe Beef and I had the hangar steak. Both were prepared exactly as ordered and were impossible to finish!\n\nA great meal, awesome service and a very laid back atmosphere. Lovely
Mmmmm the pasta here is amazing! My favorite restaurant in Vegas.
I do enjoy refined and classy things whether they are expensive cashmere sweaters, fancy jewels and the like, or fine hotels.  Thus, I enjoyed my stay at the Bellagio. While it is must be difficult to pull off a 5 star, intimate hotel experience in a place as large as the Bellagio, they still manage to do a damn fine job.\n\nAll that being said, I never ever pay a lot for things (not because I'm cheap, but because I'm a poor, recently graduated student who owes my soul to a wicked financial institution that agreed to lend me money for school).  We got a phenomenal deal at the Bellagio and paid less than what a night at MGM would have cost or even New York New York for that matter.  \n\nThe pool was fantastic, the gym (in the spa) offers \""ice towels\"" to its patrons, and the service from the staff and concierge is impeccable.  The only drawback appears to be an older/international crowd (only if you see this as a drawback, it didn't bother me at all), overpriced restaurants (but it is Vegas after all), and no average-priced shopping (is all Chanel, Tiffany, etc).  The fountains are breathtaking so try and talk the front desk into giving a room with a fountain view.
I selected Serious Fleet to perform an anticipated engine replacement as diagnosed by a certain dealership who shall remain nameless. Serious Fleet called me the next morning and informed me the engine was in tip top shape and performed a routine tune up. Their integrity and expertise saved me well over $5,000. I will use Serious Fleet going forward and would enthusiastically recommend them to anyone.
If you love single malt whisky, and you are in the UK, then you owe it to yourself to visit the Scottish Malt Whiskey Society.\n\n1. Amazing selection of top whiskys\n2. A fair price on the whiskys\n3. Sample at your leisure\n4. Buy (several) bottles to bring home with you\n\nAll the while, enjoy the ambience of this low key and comfortable establishment.  I shared an absolutely lovely evening here with new friends.  I cannot recommend this place enough.\n\nAdmittedly, I did not partake of the food although the prices on the menu looked more than reasonable.  For me, it was all about the malt whisky.
Great lunch buffet lots and lots of great food Asian Mexican and American food with tons of desserts great working staff and service
This place REALLY is as good as it gets! Jason, Lisa and Marcus do an exceptional job with fills or the new non-chip polish that stays on for 2 weeks. Their pedicures are also great. The salon is clean too! They steam clean their tile floors every night! Love their salon and won't go anywhere else. Prices are good too. Try it and you won't go anywhere else.
Going inside to order is much faster than waiting at the drive-thru.\nFriendly staff. Clean. I love in n out burgers.
Dieu du Ciel is the place I was probably the most excited to visit on a recent trip to Montreal. I was told it's pretty crowded in the evenings, so my friend and I decided to start our day-drinking there in the afternoon.\n\nI started with Flames which was delicious and smokey and slightly sweet. I finished with the Rendezvous Nordique. It was intense and tasty.\n\nThe service was great, everyone who works here is super friendly. I can't wait to visit DDC on my next trip.
Chef Rod runs a tight ship. Great, high-quality food and service that doesn't disappoint. I'm especially fond of their Sunday brunch spread - don't miss it ... especially on \""special\"" events like Easter and Mother's Day.
I hired Kaia to make a Batman cake for my son's 4th Birthday - and it was the best idea I ever had! She made the most Amazing cake I've ever seen in my life. Not only was it GORGEOUS to look at, but it was DELICIOUS, which is very important. The cake looked like it came out of a magazine. She went above and beyond what I had given her for ideas. She was also super patient when I couldn't make up my mind as to what KIND of cake I wanted. So many yummy options. The best part were her prices are awesome too...!!! Great deal all around. Everyone is still talking about the cake! :) Can't wait to have another reason for her to make something for me!!!
Very knowledgeable and helpful. I went in for a surety bond and he made it very easy and even provided useful tips to help me out. Definitely going to be getting insurance here when my policy is close to an end.
Small car wash located in SCW. I was very impressed with friendliness of the staff and great service.
A-MAZ-ING!\n\nI'm a pampered kinda gal, but oddly enough, I've been here for 10 years, and this is my first spa experience in Vegas.  I've visited many spas in California and outside of the country, but this place has got to be one of the best, by far. \n\nAfter an unbelievably stressful week at work, I decided to book myself a massage. Initially, I was just going to Groupon something quick, cheap and fast, but I decided to go all out (Hey, I work my ass off for people, I might as well treat myself once in a while, right?).\n\nI got myself a same day appointment for Friday at 3PM for a classic massage with a male masseur.  (FYI, based on what the associate on the phone had told me, if you cancel within 12 or 24 hours *can't remember?* of your appointment, your card WILL still be charged the full amount of your treatment.)  Anyhow, I got there about an hour before my treatment to get myself settled in.  It's located inside Caesar's Palace across the world renowned Guy Savoy restaurant (we'll save that review for another time ;D). \n\nUpon walking up to the facility, you're greeted by a receptionist, you sign in, and pay upfront.  The massage itself costed $140 ($110 Monday through Thursday, not including tip).  Pricy but expected.  From there, you're directed into the actual facility where it splits off into a women and men's side (the spas are not coed).  There's something about the decor that gave me such a serene feeling; I knew right off the bat, I was going to get exactly what I came for--relaxation and de-stressing.  \n\nAt that point, the attendant at the front of the women's side got me a pair of slippers, gave a brief tour of the facility, and gave me a locker, along with a plush robe.  The Roman baths are divided into 3 pools: one that's hot, one that's medium, and one that is cold in temperature.  Here, they have lounge chairs; a few of which are heated. They've also got a whirlpool, an arctic room, a sauna, and a steam room.  The whirlpool wasn't working when I was there, so it just looked like a little kiddie pool lol.  The arctic room is a little room that you walk around in as it \""snows.\""  It's supposed to be good for your skin, but I'm not a huge fan of the cold unless I'm up in the mountains snowboarding, so needless to say, I was probably in there for about 60 seconds flat, before I thought... \""uhh... no.\"" The steam room smelled like eucalyptus.  It really opened up my sinuses; I loved it!\n\nAfter my brief time exploring the amenities, I went to the \""Tea Room,\"" a room filled with couches and lounge chairs, where clients wait to be called for their treatments.  Here, you can order some food, or enjoy their complimentary fruit or pretzels with some juice, coffee, and tea. \n\nShortly after that, I was called, and led to my massage.  The massage itself was so-so; I've had better.  The main thing I liked about him was that he didn't try and make small-talk.  Which, all too often, is something many massage therapists try to do.  I just wanted to relax and not talk to anyone (which is perhaps why I went alone).  He was attentive and focused on areas that I thought required more attention, and he really tried to get all the tension out of my neck and shoulders.  After the massage was over, I tipped him, and he led me back to the women's area.\n\nI spent the next hour or two of my time between the steam room and Roman baths.  One of the main things that I loved about this place was the cleanliness (the attendants are so attentive!) and the fact it wasn't so crowded (granted, I was there later in the day, so that may be something to consider when booking an appointment.)  The showers and vanity areas were impeccably clean.  They pretty much have everything you need to get ready; i.e., brushes, blow-dryers, and toiletries.  Bring your make-up if you wanna get glammed up. \n\nI've read some not so great reviews on here, and I could see where it could easily go that way (i.e., when patrons complain about customer service or it being crowded), but I feel like that can vary from person to person and day of the week or time of day.  I was glad that I chose this place to spend my afternoon.  It was unbelievable, and I'm looking forward to coming here again soon!
See my other review under the other Claim Jumper link. I went to the 5001 word mark with that one so I couldn't add a couple of helpful tips, haha. Everything is great here pretty much but I will admit that I am not a fan of their biscuits and don't  understand why they get so much praise. To me, they are dry, lacking in flavor, and hard. The guy that posted the pic of the spoon sticking out of one is my idol and I completely agree. Also, if you are trying to watch what you eat and you happen to end up here obviously because of someone else suggestion, you can determine what is healthy by looking at the back of their drinks/ desserts booklets that are on the tables. There are nutrition facts on everything on the menu in this book! Although kinda depressing, this will help you determine the healthiest items. Good luck finding something under 500 calories though!
This place is fucking great and anyone who says otherwise is a pretentious a-hole that hates shitty beer and the smell of 3 day old fried food.  \n\nI often thought to myself while eating a twinkie - \""I've had enough of this god damn rabbit food - there HAS to be some way to make it tastier and get rid of all of the tree-hugging hippie healthiness of it.\""  It looks like the good people at Mermaid's have solved this problem for me by offering a deep-friend twinkie for only 99 cents!\n\nThere are no table games here, but table games are for losers.  The REAL action is in video poker and slots.  I have hit 4 aces on their video poker machine both times I have been there, and then subsequently lost my winnings at other casinos chasing that high.  I will never quite get there, but I will never stop trying.  \n\nMermaid's has the best price on Fremont street for the gourmet specialty drink \""football full of beer\"".  You have the choice of either Icehouse or Miller high Life.  I recommend getting one of each so that you don't leave with any regrets.  If you're not \""down\"" for the football sized beverage, you can have any kind of off-brand mixed drink brought to your seat by a cocktail waitress not wearing a uniform who seems to want to take her own life. \n\nAll in all - Mermaid's is a must visit when you're on Fremont Street.  Get a fried twinkie, a couple of footballs, hit 4 aces, and feel good about the fact that you can come and go as you please and don't have to wait for the end of your shift.
Please!! A little cafe with a French chef!! This place is amazing!! Fresh breads and pastries, plus their homemade soups are insane! Everything is fresh. It's delicious.
This was my first taste of Russian food and with nightmare visions of hamburger helper beef stroganoff influencing me, I was nervous about about what I might taste. However, I was more than pleasantly surprised by Tverskaya. I was thrilled. 24 hours later, I am still thrilled. In fact, I'm in love and can't wait to go back. \n\nFor appetizers, we had Beef Blinchiki, which are perfect crepes filled with flavorful beef and drizzled with sour cream. We also had the Vereniki, magic dumplings filled with magic potatoes and magic onions that made the world seem like a much nicer place.\n\nMy husband had the Chicken Kiev, and it was delicious and buttery with a hint of dill. The \""home style\"" potatoes and onions were crispy, salty, sweet, and tangy all at the same time. I had the Mushroom Blinchiki as an entree, and the chef gave me a side of buckwheat. The mushrooms were amazing and the buckwheat surprised me because it was so fragrant and almost floral. It tasted almost like a slightly hoppy beer. I also sampled the beef stroganoff, which was at least one million times better than any American style stroganoff I've ever had. \n\nDessert was decadent. We had Praga cake, which was a dense and moist chocolate layer cake with a rich ganache. The Napoleon, a flaky and nutty pastry, was also very good and a bit like a non-sticky baklava. The dessert crepes were highly addictive and each one had a different mix of fillings - apples, berries, raspberries, pears, peaches, nutella. Oh, and on the side of the crepes, a dollop of pretty pink homemade cherry ice cream. \n\nOur service was great. The waiter was attentive and funny. We were also able to bring our own beer without any corkage fee. The level of food we had did not match the low cost. The chef paid attention to every detail and each dish felt like a present. The food has seemingly simple ingredients, but the flavors are complex, and layered, and all-around awesome. It was so much fun to eat here. I will definitely be back, probably before the month is out.
Ben is amazing! Came in from LA with my bestie and fianc\u00e9 for last minute Vegas trip. Found this place right outside the strip. Ben was so helpful, threw in a free leg massage and told me some very useful info regarding an injury. Very attentive,  patient, thoughtful, and present. Highly recommend this place!!
Great place, I pass by here every Wednesday going to Hobe Meats and I finally decided to stop in here. Customer service is beyond a 5 star rating, I was just shopping for christmas presents and they acted like I've been going there for years. I didn't have time to seat and eat but I did grab a cupcake and scone on my way out. My dad enjoyed his cupcake, he's not big on sugar so it was perfect and the scone was delicious, not over powering in sugar so it was a nice treat:)
I have taken acting classes from Verve Studios on and off for four years, and have recently returned for another work out!\n\nAmanda is a true professional,  a working Actor herself,and gets the actor to be real, not \""act\"".  Do not miss this opportunity to learn and grow, AND have fun.\n\n\nLawannah Curry\nPhoenix Az
It all began with a goat.\n\nI had been goated, you see, in rough and affectionate manner, persistently and unavoidably, for a good ten minutes that morning. The goat was easily the best thing that could possibly have happened on any Tuesday morning; however, the goating had left me fragrant and somewhat besmirched ahead of a series of meetings, and I needed a quick change that didn't involve going home.\n\nI have this problem, you see, in that the shape of me is not the shape of most trousers, and in previous years, jeans from LTS have, in waist-ish reflection of their leggy generosity, gaped gormlessly at the waist. I have been forced to make a choice between jeans that fit at the hips and waist (oh M&S, your woefully short jeans, oh how they go in at the waist, how splendid that is) and jeans that do not display my pretty floral socks to all and sundry. Despite my love of wearing jeans with heels... the short, well-fitting ones have always won out.\n\nHowever, in this time of urgent post-goat need, I decided the time had come to attempt correct length once more.\n\nThe branch in Edinburgh is considerably larger than one might think on beholding the exterior - it goes back further than I thought, rendering it in fact larger than the erstwhile Leeds branch.\n\n(Side note: I cannot tell you what a relief it is to have a branch of Long Tall Sally nearby. Back when I lived in Yorkshire, my nearest branch was Leeds, a 45-minute train ride away, and then when that closed, it became York, an hour and a half and expensive fare away.)\n\nGREAT NEWS. They have changed the cut! These are the best-fitting jeans of my life! Sure, at \u00a345 (\u00a350, in fact, but 10% off if you join the mailing list at the till) they're three times more expensive than my usual purchase, but LTS clothes last and last and last.\n\nNow then, why is this branch in particular so good? Well, I was welcomed as soon as I walked in by a member of staff who was actually about my height. I used to feel like a complete fraud when I toddled into other branches of LTS and peered up at the giantesses all around me. I felt I was being judged for being insufficiently tall. Nonsense, of course, but hey.\n\nShe was friendly and efficient, leading me straight to what I was looking for and picking out a selection to meet my criteria, and her colleague called through the curtain of the dressing room at one point to ask if I needed anything else. They even let me pay for them at the till while I was wearing them, snipped off the label as I stood there, and packed my goated garments into a bag for me. Bravo, LTS! I've always loved your range of clothes. Now I feel like I can actually wear them.\n\n*extends credit card limit excitedly*
I thought my co-workers were pulling me leg until I actually saw the sign at Lo-Lo's for the first time. Chicken and waffles?!? People do that? It seemed like a cultural tradition I really needed to start embracing.\n\nAnd if you make the trip and are prepared to wait around an hour in eager anticipation of such a feast, you will be well rewarded for your efforts. It's a converted house without much in the way of seating and usually plenty of people ready to raise their cholesterol levels a couple notches. We've even had several celebrity sightings going there to add to the commotion. As such, you typically wait 30 minutes for a table at lunch time unless you get there early. You will also likely spend an hour or more at the table with the glacial Southern service.\n\nYou have to get chicken and waffles the first time you go, preferably with a side and some of their red velvet cake to go. But they have several other unhealthy options and a good amount of breakfast food if that's what your in the mood for. But make no mistake, there is NO healthy option at this place. Don't go there unless you are ready to indulge.\n\nI would also strongly recommend NOT going there with large groups. I see there are 4 votes for \""Good for Groups\"" for this place. That is insane. There are hardly any tables and large groups bring the place to grinding halt. Go with 4 or 5 people max.
Always a great car wash and Service!  They have never scratched my rims in all the times I've come here.  Only issue I had in nearly 8 years of serve was fixed immediately
My mom brought back food from here. My family has a way with supporting other Filipinos. They have a very diverse market of Filipino baked goods as well as imported foods.
This is an oasis in the desert of airport food choices at Charlotte. The salad, salmon and flight of mousse were all very good but the sweetness of dessert was surpassed by the sweetness of my server Sarah.
Five stars from me without a doubt. A must try!\n\nWe chose to sit outside on a Saturday night. There was a bit of a wait, but I didn't expect to be seated right away on a weekend anyway. There was plenty of extra seating and live music, too, which made the wait more enjoyable. The patio ambiance was so nice and pretty. I'd like to check out the inside next time.\n\nOur waitress recommended the burrata appetizer, which was awesome and filling, but light at the same time. We ordered the Diavola and Tartufata pizzas at other Yelpers' recommendations. Of course added ricotta to the Diavola- also after reading reviews. They were both amazing. The crusts were light and crispy, the toppings were flavorful... even leftovers the next day were great! (and you WILL have leftovers) It's very hard to pick a winner, but I might go with... the Tartufata? But try both! Our waitress even told us we'd picked the best red and the best white pizzas they had.
Talk about hole-in-the wall goodness!  Hidden behind Jack in the Box...I was actually on my way there to get a Sourdough Jack before driving down to San Diego...boy am I glad the fiance mentioned trying this place! These philly steaks come on bread shipped from Philadelphia! The bread is soft and buttery inside with a perfectly toasted exterior.  The flavor and texture of the cheese steak keeps you going in for another bite even after you are stuffed.  I got the Herman special which comes with steak, provolone, mayo, grilled onions. The mayonnaise and provolone blended perfectly together. The texture of the steak was buttery smooth...I mean I'm finding a hard time  describing with words how delicious these philly steaks are...the cheese blends seem to have the perfect combination of seasoning!  The fiance got the Philly Joe (fittingly since his name is Joe)...steak,half cheese whiz, half American cheese with grilled onions.  He loves philly steaks and has probably tried all the ones in town and he says by far these are superior!  Apparently, the Philly Joe is the fan favorite, since the owner told me I'd be jealous of his order.  Honestly, how can you go wrong with cheese whiz?! Personally, I'm not a big fan of American cheese but this combo was delightful gluttony!  We didn't get a chance to try the original Tarantini Panzarotti, which was shown on the Food Netwok \""The Best Thing I Ever Ate\"" - definitely next time!  As I'm writing this review, I'm planning my next visit here this week!
Can this place please come to the East Valley of Phx????  It is just like Chicago.  AMAZING.  I dream about the stuffed pizza. Very much like Giordano's.
Best place, BEST pizza in the valley!!! Everything is so good!!!! Love it!!!
Man, Village Inn... is the best.  Came here twice in the last two years (not from the area) and definitely made a point to come in on Wednesday for free pie, y'all!!  Seriously who can beat that.  \n\nHad the strawberry banana french toast once and then a dinner entree another and they were all sooo gooood omg.
If you are looking for great foot care, this is where to go!  From diabetic foot care to complex surgery, you are in great hands.  The staff is professional but personable.  I had a major foot surgery with excellent results.  Your feet will be in good hands!
SmashBurger is my absolute FAVORITE.  I think it's equal to In-N-out, if not better.  I suggest the Sin CIty Burger.  WORTH THE PAY!!!!
Cento is great foods, excellent service.\n\nGranted, our waitress broke the cork of our wine, but the manager and sommelier both came to apologize and gave us free dessert. It was completely unnecessary. Having worked at italian restaurants myself, I completely understood what the poor girl was going through.\n\nStill, everyone was extremely friendly, even with midwestern standards. Recommendations were spot on, the sommelier commented on the wines we had, and the manager came out to comment on our dishes.\n\nThe food was equally excellent. We had the beef tartare and calamari as appatizers, which were great (the calamari was a bit on the heavy side). The beef tartare was very fresh. \n\nWe also had the pizza margherita - it was cooked in their stone oven which made the crust super crispy and the tomato sauce was excellent. AFterwards we had the black tagliatalle seafood pasta with sea urchin sauce. I've had worse seafood pasta's in Japan's Ginza district. I was super impressed.\n\nFinally, the lamb, dessert, and dessert wine were equally impressive. I will be recommending Cento to all of my friends. I'm a student now, so expensive restaurants aren't usually my thing, but I will definitely be coming back to Cento soon!
I had a great experience here for my ceremony with my fiance! I would recommend anyone who wants a simple, professional and friendly service to come here!! Not to forget to mention we got a great deal with many memorable pictures to cherish for a lifetime :)
We treat are self to a pizza from here ever few weeks we always get the same one with anchovies mozzarella ham although they offer it with peperoni  and tomatoes it is delicious the crust is firm not soggy and the delivery people are courteous
If I'm ever back in Arizona I will totally be coming back here! I came here once and was really impressed with all aspects of this place. The restaurant itself had an authentic feel which made it a much more enjoyable meal with a great atmosphere. Aside from the ambiance, the food was so damn good! The Tomato Mozzarella Sandwich was amazing and the pizzas are seriously delicious. The potato pizza was the business! Ah wish I could get some of this in California...
We were pleasantly surprised to find a traditional dim sum house in Las Vegas, let alone in the Rio.  The food is exactly what I remembered when growing up and the atmosphere and service were spot-on.  We dined there twice during our recent trip and plan to do so again when we're next in town.
Great dentist experience! Everyone on staff was super friendly, could watch tv while getting work done and the X-rays and cleaning were super speedy. Would recommend!
These sandwiches are so good, I would be willing to sit outside on those 115-degree days Phoenix supposedly gets, if that was the only way I could enjoy them. Combine it with Cowboy Ciao in Scottsdale and Cafe Elote in Sedona, and we pretty much had the perfect AZ food trifecta.\n\nBonus points for meeting Chris Bianco behind the counter. Yeah, I guess this place is named after him.
Finally after living 5 years in New York and never making it to serendipitys, I got to try the one in Las Vegas! Delicious! Had the famed frrrozen hot chocolate and it was scrumptious. Basically a milkshake but yummy. Didnt like that is was $11 but its Vegas so what can you do? Still would recommend it to everyone!
I don't typically write Yelp reviews because nothing stands out enough to be worthy of note.  Vegas inside players stands out. You can't beat the price or service.  These guys don't rip you off and they do what they say. \nLiving in the bay area, when my friends and I go out we typically play it by ear. When you go out in Vegas, you don't want to roll that way. I've stood in lines at clubs and bars and it's no joke. I prefer to have a night planned to avoid all that.  You let Joey and his guys quote you and split the costs between your group. No brainer. \nI will be referring all my friends
I have frequented this Paradise Bakery more than a dozen times since it opened. I always carry out though, have never actually ate there. I used to be annoyed when ordering because it seemed like every employee was so confused, but things have gotten much better. \n\nMy husband loves their club sandwich, pasta salad & always builds his own salad. I love building my own salad as well, their chicken caeser is yummy, love their tuna sandwich & LOVE their fire roasted tomato soup! Their sourdough bread & croissants are delicious as well. But my fav item here of course is the cookies! The chippers in particular are my personal favs; the sugar, lemon & black & white are out of this world!! Their regular chocolate chip cookies that come with every sandwich order are so good too, perfectly chewy & not too sugary sweet.\n\nI also love their loyalty card, earned myself a free meal last night!
Not for the price-sensitive person. By far, the best gym in Vegas. Friendly staff and great atmosphere.
Tori is the best eye brow threader I have ever gone to! Shes super sweet, efficient and does an amazing job. Im always so happy when I go see her! Never again would I get my eyebrows waxed, EVER.
I had a great experience purchasing my first car at towbin Las Vegas! My specialist, Michael A., was very honest and knowledgable. He made me feel so comfortable and  as a women going to a car lot on your own can be intimidating, but it wasn't what so ever! I have nothing but good things to say. I LOVE MY FIAT!!!! go see Michael A.
I have come here four times now and absolutely love this place. I always ask for Vivina. She takes her time and is really detail oriented.  The overall atmosphere of the salon is modern with water features to help you relax and dark lighting. They now serve you water, wine, jack and coke, captain and coke or vodka sprite with your pedicure. I usually just opt for the water but this could be nice for a girls trip for manis and pedis. As long as they keep the prices the way they are I will be a regular.
Great service and environment. Brazilian & sushi can't go wrong. Order 3-4 items and share
Had the incredible honor of attending Easter mass here.  Just a beautiful ceremony at one of the most incredible churches in the world.  I also had the great privilege of hearing the massive organ played.  I felt that going to the mass was a fair substitute for the tour.  \n\nI also recommend going at a time when you can hear the bells being rung.  If you are looking from outside, it is truly incredible to watch the effort it takes to ring the bells. \n\nThis is another must-visit on any trip to Montreal.
We love Bigham! My merry crew of friends come in multiple times every week. We could be misconstrued  as rowdy or difficult but the staff at Bigham is always gracious and fun. We have not met a waiter or waitress we don't like and everyone is fast and helpful. We especially want to shout out Steph Z for her amazing service and for putting up with us plus she keeps all of secrets secret. Wing Night Wednesday  is awesome and Saturday  and Sunday brunches make us happy too.
This was my first macaroon experience, I've since tried macaroons at a place in North York near Yonge and Finch and now I know why this place is so special. \n\nThe macaroons here melt in your hand on the way to your mouth! Not litterally but they're so delicate and soft that it seems like they're melting. Then the explosion of flavour. People are complaining that these are too sweet here.... guys isn't that the point of the macaroons??? A sweet treat??? Maybe I'm just a macaroon noob and it's more about the flavour, but the flavours were bang on too!
This is a review for brunch at Morel's.\n\nAnd what a brunch it was!  5 stars all the way around.\n\nWe walked in around 11 a.m. on Saturday morning.  It was quiet.  We were seated right away and waited on - meticulously - by three people throughout brunch.  We were three women and the gentlemen waiters were helpful, polite and prompt.\n\nThe brunch menu looked divine, but I'm a sucker for cheese.  I was impressed by the selection of cheeses and charcuterie.  I talked my friends into having cheese fondue with me.  Yes, for brunch.  So there.\n\nThe fondue arrived and was the perfect balance of wine and cheese.  Neither was too strong.  It was a symphony of taste that I never wanted to end.  The bread was crusty and soft, fresh and fragrant.  SO GOOD.\n\nThe coffee was strong - a fair trade Rwandan blend - and I loved it.\n\nThen we shared the fries with the seasoned mayonnaise (divine!), a plate of saucisson (a dry salame thing made in France, that I love) and a smoked salmon flat bread.  The saucisson was sliced wafer thin and served with more yummy bread, sweet cornichons, pearl onions and a fancy, stone-ground mustard.  My tummy was full and my heart was singing in tune with my taste buds.\n\nGreat atmosphere, comfy chairs, right on the strip with indoor (what we opted for) and outdoor seating.\n\nCheck this place out.  I *will* try their dinner menu on a future trip to Vegas... but I am craving their spectacular brunch.  And, next time, I *will* sample something off the delightful Bloody Mary cart.
My fianc\u00e9 and I really do not understand how Steve does not have more reviews! He is outstanding and pretty darn awesome! Our A/C went out in the middle of the night. It was 90 (or so) in our home when Steve showed up. He saved us (in more ways than one) from having to get another restless nights sleep downstairs on our hard tile floor (it's cooler by around 10 degrees at that point downstairs). Our A/C was up and running in no time and we are confident in Steve's work and his knowledge. Never again will we feel nervous to call an A/C repairman.  We highly suggest Steve!! Thanks again so much for everything Steve!!
So every Valentines day my bf and I would go to Las Vegas. I had called to book the room instead of booking online. I had explained to the lady on the phone that it was kind of an anniversary thing for us and she promised me the room would be exactly what I wanted. I hate when I pay for a \""strip view\"" room and I only get a partial view or bottom floor room. When we arrived I couldn't believe the room we had! I have never been one of the double doors on the end and here I am standing in a suite on one of the higher floors with more than enough room for the 2 of us!!! The view was incredible! We could stand by the window and watch the Treasure Island show! I had never had turn down service before so it kind of scared me when the lady came in and did what she did. The staff was awesome and the location was wonderful. I was most impressed that when the fact that the lady who booked my room held up to the promise she made me. I will most defintely be staying here again :)
Come check us out! Great hookahs amazing staff and awesome flavors! The karaoke nights are out of control and the rest of the week is a relaxed and family atmosphere. People come in everyday to visit what has become their second home. \n\nCheapest hookah in town no hidden taxes or mandatory gratuity. \n\nFree wifi and outlets to charge your phone or laptop at every table. We are a different kind of hookah lounge come in and do your homework or just hang out with friends.
Walked in here to catch the tail end of the World Cup and get some much needed refreshment in the Vegas heat, and having gone to No 1 Boba across the street the day before for comparison, I must say Henderson can finally rejoice in having a legit boba spot that is comparable to Spring Mountain and possibly joints in LA (one prior reviewer stated their boba is the same as those used in the  popular Half and Half Tea Express franchise in SoCal but I did not ask the owner for confirmation).  \n\nThe shop is run by a family whose little daughter is the inspiration for their logo.  Detractors may point out that service may be a little slow, there's an awkward placement of a couch and a few chairs like an unfinished room in terms of the seating area, and there are no options for food/dessert, but these can all be overcome in due time.  I admire the fact that they have a clear identity and focus on letting their product do the talking at the outset since that will ultimate build loyalty and generate buzz in the long run.  \n\nThe slightly longer wait time is well worth it since the folks behind the counter are intent on crafting the perfect drink much like a seasoned mixologist serving individually tailored cocktails.  I appreciated the owner explaining the various options and inquiring about the level of desired sweetness since I've had it bad on both extremes at other shops.  Aside from passion fruit, fresh fruit and juices are used and there are some innovative add-ons such as taro pudding and sesame boba, as well as specialty drinks using japanese yogurt (Yakult) and condensed milk (ice milk).  I ordered a grapefruit yogurt drink blended with green tea and boba.   Having received my drink after a nice few shakes by the owner akin to a well-mixed martini, the boba was not only at the desired level of QQ (QQ is the Taiwanese phrase equivalent of \""al dente\""), but was also infused with a touch of honey to balance the tartness of the grapefruit, the subtle bitterness of the green tea and rounded out nicely with the yogurt.   \n\nContrast this to my experience at No 1 Boba where I ordered a mango slush with boba and I ended up with an under-sweetened concoction of unripe mango, flavorless boba accompanied by an undesirably warm dark ooze with each sip (presumably the congealed fluid that the boba had been sitting in), and there's really no contest whose boba reigns supreme in Henderson.  For those keeping score, QQ Boba is Germany and No 1 Boba is Brazil: game, set, match.
For a TownePlace Suites, this is about as good as it gets.  We first stayed here in 2009 and 2010, but recent renovations have made a world of difference. Everything is new, clean and modern. They've updated and upgraded the decor and furniture both in guest rooms and in common areas. TownePlace used to be a step down from Residence Inn among Marriott brands, but this one can compete with many Residence Inns.  They do complimentary happy hour with light snacks and cheap wine/beer.  The lobby computers function well and the printer is in working order (maybe strange to mention, but this can be an ongoing problem in hotels, and when you need them, it's GREAT to have things working the way they should). The pool is nice and so is the staff, from front desk to breakfast bar to maintenance crew. We find the location to be very convenient, and if it wasn't already, it's certainly our go-to business hotel in the Phoenix area after this last stay.
I took my car in for service and would totally recommend this business. The owner personally discussed my vehicle issues with me. He was very professional and extremely knowledgeable. He explained everything in detail. Being a novice in auto mechanics it is very assuring to have a trustworthy mechanic who you can trust. The prices are competitive and not outrageous like a dealership. I was in and out of there within a reasonable time.
A better tint is the best shop I have ever used. I have used them for over 12 years for my personal vehicles and my customers vehicles. Eric and his team all amaze me with the quality of there work. I just had my wife's 2013 Lexus done with ceramic tint and a full clear protection film. I own a classic car restoration facility and paint is my profession. When I picked up her Lexus I asked Eric if they did the front bumper. They did I just could not see the plastic film. It was applied so perfectly that my trained eye could not see it until I bent down and looked.  I can't say how pleased I am with his work. I will forever be a loyal customer.
Personally, I am against jewelry of any kind, but my wife feels differently. So, I went on a search for a good value on an engagement ring. If you are serious about buying an expensive piece of jewelry, it pays to shop around, even online. \nThis place has a great selection of all kinds of jewelry. I was caught up just walking around to see the range of stuff they had. The owner, just for fun, showed me some very expensive naturally colored diamonds they keep in the back. \nI shopped around big time, and got a great deal on an engagement ring. My wife looks at her emerald cut diamond everyday and enjoys it more than I can understand. It may seem ridiculous, but save yourself the headache, impress her, don't skimp on the diamond.
Great venue!  I've been to Marquee several times, and I must say, it definitely grows on you and gets better each time.  The club is broken up into several different areas and dancefloors, which can be tricky if you have a big group, because it's easy to get separated, so make sure to have a spot to meet up if you get split up.\n\nThe main dance floor can get crowded, but has great music, and leads right to an outdoor area where you grab drinks and mingle with the crowd.  The island bar is set up very nicely, making it is easily approachable on all sides so there isn't any pushing or shoving to get a round of drinks.  They have heat lamps every few feet as well so the girls don't get cold if you're there in the winter time.  There is a lot of space, so if you start feeling smothered by the dance floor, it's a nice place to take a breather and break up the crowds.\n\nThe lines to get in can get long and cause a major headache, but re-entry is extremely fast and easy so I would recommend coming at 9, and getting stamps so you can pregame elsewhere and then hit the club later on when you're ready to go.  You can re-enter from the exit, and you literally just show them your stamps and you're back in.\n\nBar prices are pretty standard as far as Vegas goes, and the decor and lighting at the venue are outstanding.  Definitely a place you have to check if you've never been, and a place to revisit after seeing what the other clubs have to offer.
I never used to be big on Texas Roadhouse, but lately I can't get enough of it. I realized that I was never particularly fond of their burger, which is what I used to order before I discovered that their BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich was the best thing ever. Now that is all I order here and all I ever want to order, because it is so good. I also love the loaded fries with bacon and cheese! And obviously everybody knows that their bread rolls are one of the best things about coming here. Those butter rolls are so addictive that I am almost full before the main course even arrives.\n\nThe wait staff is usually quite good, although one thing I don't like about the restaurant is that it is very loud, although I guess that is to be expected for a place like this. I still think its a very fun experience!\n\nSo what a difference a few years makes! I never was excited about my family deciding to eat at Texas Roadhouse, but now I am the one suggesting to come here (although I still wouldn't recommend the burger)!
This is our second time purchasing an a/c unit. We called Monday, Wayne came out the same day, sat with us and discussed the whole project. The project was scheduled for Wed at 7am. The installers showed up at 7am on the dot, looked professional and the whole job was done by 9am! Plus we didn't need to put half down before the installed it and took a personal check. I would definitely recommend them and have to 2 other friends and also got $200 in referral checks!
Oh man, oh man! Eldorado is absolutely amazing!! Easily one of the best brunches I've had in Madison.\n\nFirst, let me preface my review by saying that I normally avoid Bloody Marys like the plague. Despite my propensity for alcoholic drinks, it's probably my last possible choice. In fact, I'd probably choose water (ewww) over it.\n\nAnyways, given the massive hype its Bloody Marys have gotten, and by hype, I mean my friends constantly talking about how it's the best thing ever (eye roll)... I decided to give them a chance.\n\nMy Bloody Mary arrived with a sampler of beer (starting things off right already), and was pretty delicious. Of course, it's not the best thing ever like my friends claim, but it was pretty damn good. \n\nThe fact that I highly enjoyed it should say a lot already. It was perfectly spiced, and had enough alcohol to counterbalance the normally overwhelming mix. \n\nFor food, I got their Texas Two Step, which definitely lived up to its name. There's nothing more Texan than two ginormous buttermilk biscuits topped with a fried egg, cheese, bacon, sausage and gravy. I have never had something so delicious, yet so, so terrible for me.\n\nI definitely plan on coming here more often, so who knows, I might even start ordering Bloody Marys elsewhere (yeah right).
Great fresh food. Friendly staff. Try the Ninja with peanut sauce. Refreshing and filling.
Really marvelous art presented in a beautiful setting.  The gift shop is one of the best in the city.  They feature crafts from artists around the world and local.  Shows are well lit and well presented.  Downstairs are studios where they teach classes on metals, wood, fiber, mixed media and book/paper arts (beginning to advanced). They do a great job of hosting outside events and fundraisers.
My wife and I like to go to Las Vegas with a fair degree of regularity.\n\nWe've been known to occasionally ingest alcoholic beverages there.\n\nThe thing about Bond is ....... It seems to attract a higher class of patron than most of the other bars along South Las Vegas Blvd.\n\nThe clientele did not seem to include crazed hillbillys on their first frolic outside their sister/cousin/daughter's neighborhood.\n\nTo the contrary ... The crowd was rather hip & sophisticated the nights we were there.\n\nThe folks inhabiting Bond were more interested in drinking tasty, expensive drinks, looking at all the beautiful people and being considered one of the beautiful people.\n\nThe lights, music, bartenders, servers and ambience were all top-notch.\n\nThe drinks were Delicious and Strong!  \n\nDid I mention they were also expensive?  \n\nYet they were so damn good!\n\nTruth is, we did not feel like we were screwed on the prices of the drinks.\n\nWe really got what we paid for ... And we found ourselves coming back to Bond, even after checking out the other so called hot bars.
I throughly enjoyed my experience at B&B. A few friends and I were walking The Strip and wanted to grab lunch at a place with out door seating and we came across B&B. I ordered the Bar Burger with a pretzel bun, mushrooms and cheese, medium. It was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. One of the best burgers I've had! We also ordered the fries, I will say I enjoyed the taste better when they weren't piping hot. \n\nI loved it and hope to go back next time I'm in Las Vegas!
This place makes such great food and the store is fun to shop in while you wait. They make their own English muffins, which are so freakin good, you'll wonder why no other bakery has ever made them.
\""Hey Dan! How's it going?\"" \n\""It's going good! You?\""\n\""I'm great! Good game last night.\""\n\""Thanks man!\""\n\nThis is the conversation I had with Dan Majerle the last time I was there. There's NOT a better sportsbar downtown the Majerle's. Great beer selection, great food, great location, and if your luckey you can talk to Dan freaking Majerle! That guy drains 3's and half court shots like a stripper uses her pole. Majerle's is a MUST on game day. Before, after, or both.
I am a comic nut, and I know numerous store owners in town. In my conversations with these store owners, they have nothing but great things to say about Ralph , the store owner. Many do not know that Ralph is a revered figure in the comic scene. I have seen him donate posters to teachers, I am personally one of those beneficiaries. How many posters did he donate to my class, how about 50? My coworkers have also benefitted from his generosity. I also have seen him go to other comic stores to check and chit chat with them about their well-being.  He is a stand up guy. I used to read strictly superhero comic books and today, I barely read them because I read indie books now because of his influence. I have been going to his store for the last ten years, and I will continue to do so although there are other comic stores that are closer to my house.
I don't understand why people are giving this awesome place bad reviews. It is DELICIOUS CLEAN and CHEAP! What more do you want for a local little Pho place with great prices and service. We always get good service and the Seafood or Rare Steak Pho is my favorite. The broth is savory and never bland. It's not too salty ( I LOVE SALT) just perfect temperature and the portions are huge. I love their potstickers and egg rolls. I also had their Vermacelli tomato Seafood with no squid and that was pure heaven too. Their sauces on the table are great quality. The open kitchen window is very nice and allows you to see what a small kitchen can put out, which is deliciousness in a bowl. Their boba flavored drinks are all very good, THey have a huge selection of endless iced, coffee, smoothie and teas with or without boba they're all REALLY TASTEY! I live close by and so happy I can go there at least once a week. I love Pho and have had many and this is right up there if not better than some of the Spring Mountain Phos. PLUS they are VERY friendly, they aren't all weird and rude just because I'm not Vietnamese like some places are in Spring Mtn. Don't knock it till you try it and I would say I have a very sofisticated palate and have a good sense for what's good & bad. I'm not picky I'll try anything once. This place is a must!\n\nI promise if you order a simple Pho to start with for those of you who are just starting you won't be dissapointed. LOVE THIS PLACE I'm gonna go now just writing this review made my mouth water!\n\nCash only but you can eat like a King with $20
I would give them 6 stars if I could. we had reservations for 6:30, but got there early. Tiger is the owner, and puts on an amazing show. I have been to japanese steakhouses in the past, but this place is (pardon the pun) a cut above. Tiger's knife work is top notch, and the food is excellent. I don't eat sushi, so I cannot comment on that side of the restaurant, but I can say I had a wonderful time, and thoroighly enjoyed the experience. Tiger was funny, talented, and had me laughing the whole time, when I wasn't shoveling some of the best food I have had in y ears in my face. really a good place to eat.
Very good breakfast.The potatoes are very good.Not the frozen fried tater tots they serve at Egg/I....Yuk....There breakfast omelet was loaded with fresh ingredients.Very friendly service....We will be back to try out there lunch.......O by the way.....the remark from Krista H was totally out of line,regarding Rednecks......There are a lot of wonderful people that live in HENDERSON....Shame on her.....
They have a train to ride, carousel, ice cream shop, huge playground, and outdoor cafe. What more can you ask for?
What can I say about this place? I have been to this establishement 4 times, and each time it keeps getting better. I usually scoff at going to restaurants in casinos, but I highly recommend this restaurant if you're looking for excellent italian food, and don't mind it being a little bit pricey.\n\nI had the spaghetti, and I know what you're thinking, just spaghetti? I don't know what they do to the pasta here, but its so good its addicting. I dream of going back to Cafe Martorano and having the spaghetti.\n\nThe meatball that I shared as an appetizer was huge! Its definately enough for two people, and like anything else I've had is excellent. Make sure to save some room for dessert! Might I suggest a cannoli?
For a sports bar it has great food. Both the pineapple chicken sandwich and the gyro was delicious (side salad not so much). There was live music. SUPER FRIENDLY staff. Entrees from about $7-$16. Kitchen is open until 1:00am. There is an outdoor patio and a TON of TVs.
I decided to go to The Body Shop today to get one of those diffusers. I think that's what they're called. I chose to go to the Boulevard Mall because it's suffering. I took a walk around and it's suffering because of the crap stores that are in there. Not all of them, but a good amount are pure CRAP. And it was depressingly empty. Anyway, I went specifically to buy Avon and go to The Body Shop. As I was approaching the store, two girls were out front with some cream asking if I wanted a sample. I respectfully declined and said I came to buy a diffuser. One of the girls, Brandy, said I can help and followed me in. She took me straight to the diffusers and explained in detail the pros and the cons of each. I chose a specific one and she asked if I needed anything else. I said I don't know, what else do you have. I won't go into detail but I will say this; the manager, regional manager, district manager and any other superior should get down on their hands and knees and be thankful that they have such a dedicated, passionate employee that was product educated. I told her I used Avon for foot care and she asked me what about that particular product kept me going back to buy it again, and I told her, and she explained the finer attributes of her products without ever dissing Avon. Even though I did not purchase that product I knew more about her product that might influence my next purchase. Her question and response was phenomenal in my opinion and anyone who is in retail should make these inquiries their mantra. Competition is tough, good customer service is tougher and harder to find. Items I normally buy elsewhere were appealing to me today so I bought them. I saved money and I felt really good when I left the store. That's what it's all about. Kudos to you Brandy for a job well done! You heard me..... ; )
Stumbled upon this place while driving home--we really felt welcome here. Sat in the cellar, which is a very cozy lounge. We had the place to ourselves. Melissa was our server. She was great. We had the cheese plate, which was stellar. The grilled cheese and Tuscan sandwiches were delicious. Our wine was wonderful. Very relaxing, and most important, unpretentious! That will keep me coming back.
I must say, it has been YEARS since i have been so excited about a restaurant as I was when I walked in to Hummas Xpress.  Food was awesome, portion was awesome, the staff was so friendly.  At one point I felt like I was being cheered on by all as I ordered each element of my platter... It was awesome.\n\nNice date night place too.  We took our food to go, but it was setup so nicely that next time we will have it to stay and enjoy ourselves a bit longer.
Amazing amazing new York style pizza! White pizza, delicious. Chicken fingers are to die for with  \""those guys pies\"" sriracha sauce!
Top quality extermination services for pests categorized \""6 legs and up\"" (heard this motto verbatim from Jason himself).\n\nJason always comes prepared to his visits- has all the right tools and processes to conduct thorough diagnostics, comprehensive treatments, and always spends the extra time to educate his customers.  He is highly knowledgeable in his field- he understands the detailed anatomy of the bugs and mechanisms of how different treatments work (and also why some things don't work).\n\nHe develops pest management plans for his clients based on their pests, home structures, and geographical locations.  His plans are not just about treatment, but are also inclusive of preventative and precautionary measures.\n\nHe is also knowledgeable beyond the immediate world of Arizona pests.  While we were in the process of moving from NY, he gave us tips on how to minimize risk of transferring bugs in the moving vans, and the differences in pest treatment between AZ and NY.\n\nFinally, Jason holds himself with extremely high integrity- even though we have requested his services more often than our original plan (which would give him more business), he has advised us to stay true to the plan to optimize value (cost and outcomes).\n\nWe have already recommended Jason to family, and we hope to be able to recommend him to our HOA (to win the community war on scorpions)!
OKAY, so you've arrived via the most un-necessarily large airport in North America and that is Montreal's Pierre Trudeau International Airport. Once you finally arrive downtown to the beautiful city of Montreal, it's a must to have French food. We were staying at the Westin Montreal which is my go to hotel and around the corner, was Au PDS. Here's how it went down...\n\nFood:\n+ Cromesquis de foie gras. $3.50. It was succulent, sauteed and done well. Paired fantastically with our Bordeaux.\n+ Carpaccio de Canard. $13. Lovely, fantastic and amazing. That's all I have to tell you, order it. DUCK. YES.\n+ Deer Ribs. $28. OMG YES!!!!! hahahah I love deer and all deer related products. GO FOR IT.\n+ Chocolate Molten cake. $7. It was done in a ramekin, the way it should be and it was done very well. Firm yet moist on the outside, soft gooey and warm on the inside. Once you cut in to it, it kinda' fell apart. HAHHHAHA!!! LOVED IT!!!\n\nService:\n- The service was a bit quirky. It's not the level of service I'd expect in a French restaurant and although it wasn't that busy, it was still tough to track servers down let alone our own.\n\nOverall? I'd go back especially since it's walking distance from the hotel and it was a pretty good restaurant with ample seating and was cozy.\n\nTHIS has been a review by Gaurav
I took my friend's son (10 yrs) to the gym for the first time. I have been to previous rock gyms long ago, but he had not. The staff was friendly and helpful. The instructor Dave was great. Very patient and explained the procedures well, was very encouraging, and made us both feel comfortable. We really enjoyed the afternoon spent there and would definitely go back again!
Pertect place to take you children. They have a huge selection of kid friendly items on the menu  (my six year old Son loves it there and do so I)   but the best part about Cafe Io is the grown up food. I recommend the chili and the chicken parm sandwich.  Both are hand made and both are awesome.  Every then me or and one with me has ordered there has been awesome.
Tuesday night party of four. Service was amazing and drinks were on point. Waiter knew every detail of the menu and we took his recommendations.\n\n3/4 of us order the jerk pork. OMG it was the best jerk pork and polenta we've had. We were worried about having Jamaican food in Phoenix but this placed killed it. \n\nExcited to go back and see what the weekend vibe is like at rum bar. Overall highly recommend for out of towners great atmosphere great location!
The service and atmosphere are great!! The Naan is delicious.. I had the chicken curry and it was excellent.. Definitely coming back!
In the days where Starbucks is all the rage, I am excited to find a local business that is really delicious. I love their selection of beverages, which are all at a great price point. I don't drink coffee or tea, but they made the drinks work for me. \nI really enjoyed the breakfast bagel I had, it was very filling. I am not a sweets person but they have LOADS of sweet treats. Only disappointment was when I went to order soup because I like to eat savory food and that was it on their menu, they were out of everything. \nBUT I  guess it left me wanting more because I will definitely be back to get some! \nI recommend making it your new coffee spot.
If you are looking for fresh organic olives, olive oil and olive oil products, then this is the place to be!\n\nThis place is a huge supporter of local business. The sell many local organic honeys, dips, coffee, beer, pork...  I'm sure I've left items out. \n\nThey offer a tour of the facility to see the process it takes for an olive to be picked from a tree then pressed into oil. \n\nThe food, beverages and olives are out control!\n\nIf you're looking for something different and fun then definitely check out Queen Creek Olive Mill!
hmm... I'd say this is one of the top 2 buffets in Vegas next to Wynn. It's too bad it's like a 10 mile drive off the strip.
i bought discounted tickets thru yelp and was pleasantly surprised\nby the quality of the show.  the host was hilarious , the act s were \nfunny and thrilling along with the up close view.  the comment on\ngetting vip seats was very good.  The ticketing people were \ntrying to up sell you and made for a much long check in.\nTheatre seats are bit worn out, but the show was a blast.
Was totally worth the $110 or so.\n\nIt's a variety show so you get to watch him do what he did on \""Who's line is it anyways\"", then you get to watch him sing and dance.  I'm pretty hard to make laugh, but his comedy portion got me laughing.  His singing/dancing portion, I didn't enjoy too much.  Still by the time it ended, I felt it was easily worth the money.\n\nAs long as you don't pay for the VIP seats (~$170?) or volunteer, you won't be picked out from the audience despite what they at first so sit back and enjoy :)
My favorite things about symphony hall is how much culture to which it is actually a performance home. The ballet, the opera, the symphony, and more. \n\nYou need not look further than symphony hall if you are in search of something to bring some depth and beauty into your every day life. If you have a student ID you can get tickets to performances for $10 immediately before the start of any performance. You fill a seat basically. You may have great seats. You may have not so great seats. The point is that you get out and get some culture in your youth at a very low price. Fill your life with beauty and culture. You will always find something worth while filling the space at symphony hall.
Very delicious food! Very quaint atmosphere!  Super busy, so prepare to wait at least 30 minutes.
I've been an indoor tanner for many years and I've lived all over this great country. I admit in the past that Body Heat has had some issues regarding employee attitudes. But I have noticed a dramatic positive change over the past year...the stores have always been spotless and their equipment is as good as anywhere in the US, but the staff seem happier and better trained than in the past. I'd recommend to anyone that's had past issues, to give them another try...except for some of the upset ex employees whose faces I've recognized on some of these posts...Kudos to Body Heat for cleaning house and bringing in some good staff!
I had dinner here early on a Sunday evening. Get here early enough and you can snag one of the tables overlooking the strip.\n\nI had the \""Sunday Gravy\"" which is a variety of things - sausage, meatballs, lamb, etc. served with pasta and red sauce. Great dish and very filling. Dining companion enjoyed her chicken parm. Pricing is reasonable for the strip, but obviously you can get cheaper Italian food in a locals restaurant. Service was good. I'll be back.
Impeccable service. Awesome ambiance. Amazing food.
Another Extraordinary dining experience @ Spago. Finally tried the meatloaf....Wow. Mom didnt make it like this :-) I love this place.Great service by Tom Kehoe, a Cubs fan no less.
Loved this place! Came for a late brunch and had one of the best experiences ever! First off on Sat and Sun they have a wonderful make-your-own bloody bar. Delish. After that we were brought a warm baguette with perfectly salted butter. Soon our entrees arrived; Blueberry French toast and egg Benedict. The best French toast of my life - perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside served with chantilly cream. I will come back!
OMG this is my favorite place, great food, great atmosphere wonderful
Stopped in this morning for a strawberry watermelon smoothie (delicious - fresh fruit and not too sweet) and came back with a friend for lunch,  Super friendly service, simply decorated, but very comfy and clean and food is excellent.  Ordered the beef noodle soup - the bowl is HUGE,  Enough for two huge (we each ordered one!).  Beef was super tender, lots of noodles and broth was some of the best I've eaten with a wonderful combination of mild, fragrant spices.\n\nWe also ordered the lamb, onion and carrot dumplings and green onion pancakes (excellent).  The dumplings take a while to come out, but its because they're hand made using fresh ingredients - worth the wait!!  Perfectly cooked with lots of filling - an order is 14 dumplings, so a lot of food.  I left with a very full stomach and loads of leftovers!  \n\nLunch (with hot green tea) was $33 and change - amazing price for the quality and amount of food.  They only opened on Tuesday but seem to be doing a brisk business with lots of people coming in for take out (FYI - they have the most extensive smoothie/bubble tea menu I've seen outside of San Francisco Chinatown. Pages of flavor combinations!),  \n\nMy friend and I are going to definitely become regulars here!
Some of the fastest service considering it is in a very busy hotel, even when there is a long line the service is still pretty fast for the amount of people in line. If you don't like waiting there is 2 locations inside Mandalay bay so just head to the other one.
I'm making my way down the curry menu and I haven't found a bad one yet!!
not gonna lie, i dont know how there food is but there happy hour $1 oysters ROCKS!! i could eat the oysters all day! the calamari dish for hh is whatever. not really that delicious or anything. didn't try the chicken but there smelt fries is pretty good. smet fish wrappped in wonton-like wrapper. also had their $15 hh sangria. EH, not worth it to me. just get there oysters, its a bomb deal. and they have shrimp cocktail for $1/ea. WHOO!!
Probably my favorite sandwich ever.   I usually get the Pitts-Burger, and it has always been fantastic.  And while I've never really been a big fan of cole slaw anywhere else, Primanti's slaw has a delicious, unique taste that perfectly compliments everything on the sandwich.  \n\nThere's not a whole lot more to say. The service at this location has always been good, but it's the 5-star sandwiches that will haunt your dreams (in a good way!) and keep you coming back for more.
This is by far the best place to have your eyebrows done period...I have been to so many places for waxing and a few for threading. I have had some ok and some awful experiences. I have a small scar on one eyebrow that seems to ruin every professionals day.  I am always nervous letting anyone near them...I once had someone take the end off and try to sell me makeup to cover it up...well Marci is so amazing that I drive 25 minutes across town to see her and will not let anyone else near my arches!  I have been seeing her for about a year and a half and will not go anywhere else! Imagine my devistation when she had her last baby early...let's say it wasn't too good for my brows..lol...I love that it's a small family business and they are so customer service orientated it's amazing because many business take their customers for granted... Not here! 5 star all the way!! So inexpensive I cannot believe that they offer coffee and water at each visit. Well worth the travel time for me!!!
Hands down the best koubideh kabob I have ever tried. You can taste the freshness from the first bite!! Where else can you get koubideh with rice and a tomato for $8 and have it taste miles better than persian room?? Also the gyro is absolutely one of a kind!! The staff is so friendly and they really show that they value everyone's business. DEFINITELY GOING TO STOP BY AGAIN!
Yes I'm giving this place a 5 star rating. Mainly because the University area needed a place like this. This is not a place for romantic dinner date. What it is, is an unpretentious little place with tasty Arabic/Mediteranian dishes. Falafel, lamb, houmous are but a few of the items served here and if our plates today represent the type of quality to be expected..well then we are all in for a treat. Reasonable pricing and generous portions are always welcome, so this restaurant has earned a customer. Guess I'm just a sucker when I walk into a shop of any kind and the owner is directly involved.
Absolutely fucking amazing!!!\n\nWe picked up discounted tickets at the Tix 4 Tonight booth the day before. We ended up paying $106 for $175 tickets.  The show was awesome,  I want to see it again because there is so much going on there is no way to catch everything in one sitting.  So worth the money, everyone left smiling.
Order anything on the menu, it's all amazing.  Make a reservation a couple weeks ahead of time.  Showing up without one will likely mean you're walking away without eating, unless you show up right as they open.
Recommended by the concierge!  Has a traditional Vegas appeal!   The food was wonderful!  I sat at the bar and had the best service ever from Joe!  He was courteous and professional and made the entire meal perfect!  I had dessert and coffee as well!  Every detail of the meal was incredible!  I travel all over the world and frequent places that I love!  This will be one of my new FAVS!
I am really careful with how my shoes are handled. Every time I buy a new pair of shoes, I immediately have sole protection covered. This was actually my first time doing anything like this in the states, and I really wanted to go to a place that does a perfect job. \n\nAt the shop I met Rex, whom he was very kind and friendly. Still, I was still skeptical about this shop so before I departed after giving my new pair of shoes I asked a one last final request to be EXTRA careful with my shoes. And guess what? He did an amazing job and I am really happy how he got it to be perfectly thin as I wanted.
So good! Stopped in with my family tonight. The location isn't anything impressive, but don't let that deter you. We had seaweed salad, cucumber salad, edamame, grilled squid, and a couple of rolls. Everything tasted fresh and was delicious.
I moved to Vegas 6 months ago, and was having a hard time finding somewhere good to do my nails. (acrylic) I found a place, but then there was a change in management. I was back searching for someone to do my nails. I came across Elaine's Nails, and decided to give it a try based on the great reviews. I'm glad I did. I was extremely happy with the way Elaine did my nails. She was nice, and understanding to me not liking the drills. I have no complaints and would highly recommend coming here if you are as picky about your nails as I am. I'm glad I now have one less thing to stress about. =)
A friend of mine took me here and now I can't stop thinking about it. I went crazy with about 4-5 flavors in one cup the first day, but am finding out my favorites. Very yummy and affordable!
I was very happy when this location opened not too far from my work location I got hooked on Capriotti's while staying in Las Vegas a year ago. Nicely crafted sandwiches are found right here at this Tempe Capriotti's, the Bobbie's are legendary  and are scrumptious parcels of Thanksgiving anytime you wish to experience it. The Cheese Steaks be they beef or chicken are what you want even when you have no clue what you want; get them with fried onions, sweet or hot peppers, and mushrooms. When you check in here through the Yelp App you get a free bag of chips no purchase necessary. This location is right near ASU across from PF Chang's and parking can be found in the either the structure the meters that are near by.
If you are fortunate enough be there when they have Butterfinger Crunch, you are in for a treat. Try the hot fudge and hot caramel toppings too. The waffle cones are great.
Full Disclosure:  this is your Captain speaking.  Join us on Lake Pleasant for wildflower season!  If you have been on one of our boat trips, PLEASE review your experience.  Come see the gorgeous lake and the wildlife!
I had my hair cut tonight by Joyce! I could go on and on about how great she is! She actually listened to what I was looking for and asked me throughout the cut if something was okay or how I wanted it. I will be calling her every time I need a cut! The front desk staff was very nice and explained everything very well! I am looking forward to my next experience with these lovely people!
Moved to California and come back every other month to replenish supplies.  Best ever with fabulous customer service.  Their brand name supplies, ie adhesives, are superb!
This place rocks. Great burger with all the fixins. Extremely fresh ingredients. Fries are awesome (cajun style, I gair-aun-tee). I have had a lot of different fast food chain burgers but this tops them all. Fatburger is very good, Fuddruckers is good, but really people? Comparing this place to In-N-Out is just silly. Way better at 5 Guys and yes you pay more but its worth it. The soda machine a lot of people complain here about is awesome. They do one thing and they do it extremely well. I will return as much as possible barring a change in pants size.
Best place to eat breakfast in Phoenix, bold but well deserved. I stumbled across this fine establishment one Sunday morning and wasn't disappointed one bit after eating at local breeze. \n\nThe fire island eggs were amazing and complimented with a little green Tabasco sauce added the perfect touch.  The patio is huge and open creating the perfect setting for some sangria or mimosa whichever you prefer. They also offer a \""going green incentive\"" with 15% off for bike riders on Sundays. \n\nKeep doing what your doing, because its right!
I'm from the area and my family loved this place when I was younger, I was never a fan. My mom still loves it and wanted to go here for her birthday recently. Of course, we reluctantly agreed. There were about 15 of us with no reservations on a Saturday night. We were seated quickly and our waitress was awesome. I hadn't been in so long and didn't like it when I was there, so I asked my sister what to order. She gets the chicken romano. I decided I would give it a try... OMG! It was absolutely amazing. It's a thin piece of chicken, breaded and fried, then placed on melted butter (almost overflowing the plate) and topped with green onions and garlic. It was the size of the plate so I didn't eat the side of spaghetti that came with it. Since this visit, I have been back weekly and would recommend the NY Style Mild Wings and the Chicken Romano, sometimes I get them on the same visit and take the leftovers home. Portions are huge, service is great and the flavored iced tea is awesome! We will continue to visit and hope the food stays the same!\n\nSide note: We went there two nights ago with our 1 year old daughter and realized we were out of milk, we asked if we could order a tall glass of milk. The waiter said he'd be glad to fill the bottle for us, so he asked us to take the lid off and filled it. When our bill came the milk was not on there. We asked them about it and they said, on the house!
I had been suffering from severe low back and hip pain for 3 weeks. I was getting massages which were helping but only temporarily.  My first visit at Desert Mountain was very thorough. Everyone was very nice. I walked out of there feeling so much better! Today I feel about 90% healed. But i am going back today to continue this care. I would never want to get back to the amount of pain that I was in and i know that seeing Dr Huston again will prevent that.
Tried \""Dos\"" for the first time last night.  The original in Cave Creek has been a tradition for years in my family.  \n\n  I was pleasantly surprised!  We sat on the patio which was beautiful and had a great view.  Service was fantastic and we ordered prickly pear margaritas and pollo fundido all around.  Food was fast and great.  Not one complaint from our party of six.  If you don't want to deal with tourists, El Encanto Dos is every bit as fantastic as the first restaurant.  We'll be back!
Everything we got was amazing, the cheese curds were perfect. I can honestly say this was the best burger I have had in Madison. The Prime Rib was delicious as well. Great atmosphere. Best bar
Nach Daddy = Delicious! ... Its been really hard finding a good Mexican food joint here in Vegas... Finally found what I've been missing since moving from home!!!\n\nNot only is everything fresh, the seasonings and spices are done perfectly... They have a great selection of margaritas (I love the peach, YUMMM!), the nachos rocked and the enchilada plate was sooooo good! Service was awesome, the waitress was on point and so sweet!\n\nReally great eat, I will definitely be back soon!!!!
My friends and I go here weekly! We don't like the \""club\"" scene so we come here! The bartenders are friendly and the male ones are pretty attractive ;) You get your drinks quickly and they arent too expensive.
oks
I was very impressed. The outside didn't suggested very much but the service and food was very good. My whole family enjoyed it. I will definitely be going back and telling my friends about it. The price was very reasonable, and the food sizes were decent.
I have been coming here since I was little.  Some people do not like the mom and pop restaurant because they are not that modern.  I think these are places are great. This is a great place to go.  They have a lot of good old fashioned comfort food.  This place is very simple so if you are looking for a grand place this is not it.  But good food and good people are always here. Very family freindly.
I haven't been able to find a good nail salon for a long time. I'm so happy I finally found Modern Nails! They always find the time to do my nails even when I come in last minute. They are busy so I do recommend you make an appointment ahead of time. They have great customer service and take their time with each client. I can't complain! Vicky is really good at designs and helps me make nail decisions when needed!! They are also open until 11 for people who work during the day or for busy people in general. Would deff recommend them!!
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! the food took me back to being in my mom's kitchen learning how to cook. I was fortunate enough to meet the owner and she is just as nice as her food is good...and that's saying a lot! \nI can't wait to bring my friends here, they are gonna love me even more!
So I use to go to Shila for my brows about 6yrs ago when she worked for another employer whom should remain nameless. Once she left the company I had a hard time finding someone to get my brows how I wanted. I moved to the Bay Area and found 2 ladies who came pretty damn close to what I liked but nothing on how Shila would do them. once I moved back I found out she opened up her own place so I just HAD to make a visit and now she is the ONLY person  I will allow to touch my brows. She def is my Eye Brow Threader for as long as I am in this town!
Are you kidding me? My second time here, first time was last year having tires bought off the internet installed! Great experience. But the reason for the review is what just happened. Pulled into my garage and heard the terriblr hissing of a tire leaking air and fast. Wasnt sure if I'd make it to Tireworks but I did. When I pulled in I jogged for the door and was intercepted by one of the technicians. I explained the problem and by the last sentence my tire was already off. Plugged it, rebalanced it and had it back on before the sleeping newborn woke up! Winning!!! Now for the price... Free! Gratis! zero dollars, nada, zip, bagels, less than 1 cent... you get it! I'll be back for all my tire needs. I realize this wasn't brain surgery or even a big repair but the way it was handled was clutch! I'm the newest Tire Works loyal customer.
I finally see why the Fashion Show mall (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rXUBAFqrr00KvVEJ6aNURw?hrid=OYsZi4R_-xj0UuVtTe5vPg) is so empty.  While Fashion Show is also huge, it contains stores you can find in your mall at home.  The Forum Shops at Caesars is brimming with tons of places you've never heard of or can't find just anywhere.  The prices are absurd, but its fun to window shop or splurge.  I don't understand the appeal of the moving statues, but the the fake domed sky (like at the Venetian) is a nice touch.  I suggest popping in to Agent Provocateur for lingerie (http://www.yelp.com/biz/LCa6FomQCMjzt39YAuxPmg?hrid=IRUg-Zg1FD5Pu9HxDEG0Ew), Ted Baker for a valuer dinner coat (http://www.yelp.com/biz/LQFzGlPvZWUy0B_Qt_O_Sw?hrid=6ybtNctria8vD3fDqOzjmg), Giuseppe Zanotti just to see how well the shoes are displayed (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Z-NRZk3hhz1cA3BUnxfazg?hrid=qkv4oWLNKdJc7Y_GDXh12A), and Kids Kastle for children's clothing (http://www.yelp.com/biz/U6QggDyJndFm-cZk7gKOMg?hrid=FIMq4Umsme167Xv0R1ujIg).\r\n\r\nThe valet is free (except for the $2 tip you're going to give them when they retrieve your car), so don't self-park because it's absurdly far away.\r\n\r\nRestaurants include:\r\n* Bertolini's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Qwmvm53hp_tWSmZ2zAWnKA)\r\n* BOA Prime Grill (http://www.yelp.com/biz/n1Ng1q300iLHYZELtOd5FA)\r\n* The Cheesecake Factory (http://www.yelp.com/biz/zhtSqZauaL-SkXD6l9S6Iw)\r\n* Chinois (http://www.yelp.com/biz/gUjohbxvaPoHrw41FwkVOA)\r\n* Il Mulino New York\r\n* Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab (http://www.yelp.com/biz/GewsMsyCLcwBCm77DuzyvQ)\r\n* La Salsa\r\n* OPM-Beyond Ordinary Nightlife (http://www.yelp.com/biz/RypkitCX3ezQnl9iA5WJng)\r\n* Palm (http://www.yelp.com/biz/w12x7UBSSRsdbp3ZqguG3Q)\r\n* Planet Hollywood (http://www.yelp.com/biz/PtX8YpSK3-z6uOZeEuFaVQ)\r\n* Spago (http://www.yelp.com/biz/LwQB9H3jZ9wTk24Lr-AnZQ)\r\n* Sushi Roku (http://www.yelp.com/biz/-xBMZe-DLHkOukCNFmuj0w?hrid=yW164RuYCvogQVy8VE_l2w)
Fantastic establishment.\n\nStart your meal with their stone crab claws. They're the best. Melt in your mouth, butter texture with great flavor. The sauce they serve it with is also excellent.\n\nNow entrees. Chilean Sea Bass with a miso glaze. SO GOOD. Cooked perfectly to the point where the sauce caramelizes on the fish. Fish texture is great as well.\n\nDry aged bone-in rib-eye. Pretty bomb piece of steak. I'd say it is my second favorite next to Nick and Stef's. Comes with a dry seasoning composed of salt, pepper, garlic, and corriander. \n\nFilet Mignon. I'd stay away from this one. Wasn't that great in my opinion.\n\nFINISH YOUR MEAL with the Boston Cream Pie. It is SO GOOD. Take my word for it, the main reason I came back was not the crab claws... it was this slice of heaven. Try it. Love it. Thank me. You're welcome.
Me and my friend  went on a Thursday night to celebrate her Birthday, she had a dentist appointment that morning so she had to be careful what she ate.We told the lady in charge and she was so helpful and friendly.We got the Brownie chocolate mousse to share and it was delicious, soft and smooth not to sweet. We both loved it.To drink i got a glass of wine and my friend got a latte, I have to add that the lady gave me a sample before i made my choice about  wine, and i only did one because she recommended a really good one.\nWe both loved the decoration and music. Perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine, good dessert and good friends. \nThank you Gimme some sugar :)
I'll go on record of saying it; this might possibly be the best steak I've had in Montreal: The ribeye, perched noble and proud was the focal point of the butcher block. Grilled with only sea salt, we were explained that pepper would overpower the subtle intricacies of the cut of meat. Ridiculously tender, we were able to cut through the steak like a screaming hot knife through butter. The skirt steak - a classic gaucho cut of beef - was grilled with salt and pepper then finished with coarse salt. Mixed with its own juices, the salt created a briny sheen to the steak which made it glisten and begged to be devoured. Again, tender and full-bodied, the meat was what I imagined making out with my highschool crush would be like.... messy... messy and delicious.
The ribs were tender and tasty, the potato salad was a surprising treat- sour cream instead of mayo!- the decor is open and bright, and our server, Dana, was a delight.  The location (next to a grocery store, blending into a corner) belies how stand-out the restaurant is.  If you're in the area, keep your eyes peeled and give this joint a shot!
Love it there!  Professional, and personable, everyone I delt with was smiling,warm and inviting.  My message with Michelle was fantastic!   Would highly recommend their services.  I went n with w sore back, now I can barely feel the pull.  5 stars from me!
Outstanding, soup to nuts.\nService is impeccable, food is amazing, just unbeatable.\nI had the surf and turf and can't recommend it enough. \nEven though Aquaknox is a seafood restaurant, the filet was hands down the best steak I have ever had. The crab stuffed lobster is amazing.\nGrilled lemons to squeeze on your crab and lobster? Oh yes indeedy.
Right on the strip and had the best view ever!! We watched the Bellagio Fountains every night. Lobby is beautiful. Restaurants are delicious. Staff is very friendly. Room is nice (stayed at the Red Room Luxury). There's a fridge in the room but no microwave, which was a bummer. But the view made up for it. VERY PLEASED!
All right guys, I'm getting a little concerned. I see the reviews and that's all well and good, but every time I go into Sonora, it's empty! After the loss of Karey's Kitchen, I feel I have to take a more proactive approach. I went to Karey's Kitchen when I was hungover all the time, but apparently a restaurant cannot live on Georgeann G.'s hangovers alone (I know, it shocked me too).\n\nNext time you think about going to Chipotle, come here instead! They can share the massive line Chipotle has from open to close every day! Don't get me wrong, I love me some Chipotle, but I don't want to lose Sonora, so I want to share the wealth a bit.\n\nThat's enough of my plea. Still 5 stars. If you look at the picture of the to-go order that I just inhaled while watching a Hills marathon in my living room, you'll see why. Delicious!
Very good meal along with very good service. We sat on their patio which faces Camelback Mtn., a beautiful spot. The popover bread thing was good and innovative. We split the cowboy rib-eye. It was delicious and enough for the date split. Our waiter recommended both the tuna appy and the peanut butter mousse dessert. Both were great. Spent a deuce total with a $60 bottle of wine. Fun night.
Great bar. Not too many people on Sunday or Monday night for football. Yummy food. (Their boneless wings and BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger are to die for!) The bartender was really friendly and made fantastic drinks.
It didn't take long for Electric Lemonade to become my favorite vintage shop in Las Vegas. The selection is always fantastic--you can find a wide array of clothing from 80s concert tees to 30s gowns, and each piece is unique and in excellent condition. Unlike some other vintage shops I've been to, there's no attempt to repackage Contempo Casuals clothes from the late 90s as being vintage. Everything here is authentic, because the owners know vintage clothing. \nAside from being knowledgeable, the owners and staff are also very friendly and go above and beyond what's expected of them. My first purchase from Electric Lemonade was a pink, handmade dress from the early 60s. The woman at the register spotted a tear I hadn't noticed and took an additional 20% off the already discounted price. A few months later, I bought a beautiful 30s day dress and mentioned that it was a birthday present for myself. Again, the woman at the register took 20% off the already very reasonable price because it was my birthday. Neither time did I ask for or expect a discount. I just goes to show the kind of courtesy the owners extend to their customers. \nFor those of you who aren't as into the treasure-hunting aspect of vintage shopping, the store itself is clean and well-organized and feels more like a boutique than someone's attic. The flip-side of this is that the prices may be a little higher than other second-hand stores. However, the prices reflect the quality of the pieces and the work which goes into getting them all under one roof. This isn't a rummage sale, it is a carefully curated vintage boutique, and I am happy to drop $50 or $60 on a unique, well-made, beautiful piece of vintage clothing because I know I will wear it, I know it will be a quality piece, and I know it will get me noticed. I have about a half dozen dresses from here and they're all among my favorites, and whenever I wear them I get a ton of compliments. And if $60 sounds like a bit much for you, they have quite a few sales. You just need to follow them on Facebook and you'll be notified of when the next sale is coming up. All in all, I couldn't recommend Electric Lemonade highly enough. If you're a lover of vintage clothing, or if you're looking for a unique accessory or article of clothing, come here first.
One of the better meals of my life. Trust me. My waistline does not lie. \n\nWe stumbled (it's Vegas, everyone stumbles) onto this place while wanting a fine dinning experience in the midst of Vegas debauchery. Every bachelorette party needs a little class and this place was going to give if to us on a silver platter. \n\nAmbiance is fancy. Of the fancy shmancy variety. The service was impeccable. \n\nNow onto what's important. The food. Oh. The. Food. Every girl had a salad to start. We are dainty none the less. Mine was the beet salad and I literally could have licked my plate. But that would have been inappropriate. My wagu short ribs where nothing short of perfection. Tender. Tasty. This cow was certainly a happy cow I thank her or him. For dessert we had the cheesecake and although a super small portion, enough just to  pop the last button off our fat pants. Spanx need not apply here. \n\nGreat place. A+. Highly on my fatty does Vegas tour.
I was on a hunt for heels with no luck. This was our last stop and I was getting a bit discouraged. I looked around and found nothing that I liked. All the heels were just waaaay to high for me to wear at work or were just boring. I eventually found my way to the clearance section where two pairs of flats caught my eye. My friend Loren found a pair she wanted to try on as well. The sales associate Jazlene was patient with us when we kept switching back and fourth with pairs. She also mentioned that they offer free shipping straight to my house if they didn't have a size in stock. I ended up purchasing the pair that Loren tried on for only $30. Just comfy black flats to run around in on crazy days at work. Although I didn't find what I originally came in for, I still had a good experience and walked out with something else. \n\nP.S. They also have really cute accessories like jewelry and purses.
This is a great place for Happy Hour and special times like birthdays, etc. I went here for a birthday and really enjoyed it. We happened to arrive during Happy Hour so our dinner choices were a lot cheaper. We ordered the cheese flat bread and the rice bowl. Both were outstanding. Portions were so big that we had to request containers to take leftovers home and the delicious chocolate cake we chose for dessert came with a candle and was free! Wonderful service, great atmosphere and terrific food...highly recommend St. Francis.
OK, this review is overdue since I have been there 3 times. After my wonderful Raku experience I decided Kyara needs its proper shout out! We decided to go back tonight just to refresh my memory of why we loved it so much. I know some Yelpers disagree with the 5 star review compared to Raku, I disagree. Kyara deserves it for a great amount of reasons. Some are the same reasons of why I love Raku and some are different.  For one service is great! Those guys are outrageously polite and friendly! Got to love them! They are the kind of guys ( and I say guys because I have only seen Men waiters, sort of a Smith And Wolensky deal) that you actually would like to hang out with! My 6 year old daughter was with us and they were patient and super personable with her!\n\nOn to the food. When I first ate at Kyara I don't remember ever having the fill in sheet to order. I might be wrong.  In any event, they have one. You can fill it out and hand it in. I personally usually like to ask questions before doing so. This time I didn't, due to the fact that we were feeling adventurous and the fact that every meal we had there has been really good. That might of been a mistake this time. There were two dishes that we were not too particularly keen to. One of these dishes was the Niku Jaga, we had no idea how it was going to taste but, the English of this dish was a beef and potato type of stew, I think. Well it's extremely sweet! Seriously a soupy, potato, carrot and meat dish, so so so strangely sweet!! OK, so our fault. My husband asked the waiter because he actually thought they mistaken sugar for salt. No, they did not. It's supposed to be sweet. So this is where asking questions comes in handy instead of just filling in a form. Second dish Udon, I guess my fault as well. I decided I am very picky when it comes to soup and fish.\n\nOur favorites are the Butabara (pork belly) so delicious, and the grilled whole squid, it is absolutely perfect!  I also particularly loved the Koro steak. All very  tasty! The chicken wing and the chicken thigh skewers were so flavorful!   The tomato caprese in a mozzarella sauce was also very memorable and a very unexpected dish that we all enjoyed. If you like potatoes get the garlic potato, my daughter really liked this one. It was nicely cooked and crispy yet soft in the inside and had a very nice garlic seasoning. \n\nWe tried a new beer, the Orion. If you like beer try this one. It is light and refreshing and not super filling. Make sure to ask for the small cold sake cups that are chilled, I think it makes it extra special.\n\nThe atmosphere is nice, it's open late, service is above average, it's reasonably priced and they have great tasting food.
My wife and I love this place.  The service is always excellent and every dish we've had is off the hook.  I love the shrimp and grits and the shrimp poboy.  The poboy is the best I've had outside of New Orleans when I lived there.  My wife loves the scallops which is an occasional special.  Great for kids, too, and our 6-year-old daughter loves it.  \n\nLast time we were there, our daughter wanted to walk around and talk to the hostess and they became bff's and then she met the chef.  He was super friendly as well.  Everybody is very accommodating and tolerated a talkative, charming 6-year-old.\nGreat job!!
Our final dinner in Las Vegas was at CUT at the Palazzo. We were shown to a large booth even though there were just two of us. Service was very attentive. The pretzel bread and foccaccia were marvelous! We skipped appetizers since we wanted to concentrate on the beef. My sister and I shared the American kobe-style rib eye and the Japanese wagyu rib eye that the kitchen split for us. We paired the beef with sauteed onions (great), sauteed spinach (also great) and the fries (very good). I preferred the Japanese rib eye, and my sister preferred the American rib eye. This was a great way to taste two different yet similar cuts of beef. The crust added a nice texture and great flavor to the beef. Even though I didn't need dessert, I chose the coffee semi freddo and donuts that were wonderful. Definitely plan to return to CUT on my next visit to LV.
Best Bagel in North America or north of America?\n\nOn a recent visit to Montreal a friend--who just so happens to live there and who could also be considered slightly biased--took me to the bakery who has the \""best bagels in North America\""1.  I paused when he told me that and asked if he meant the best bagels north of America?  Living in the New York area I feel it is blasphemy to call any bagel outside of NYC the best!  I mean, even the bagels I ate daily when I lived in New Orleans were imported from New York City.  We compromised and agreed that St-Viateur Bagel Shop makes the best bagels in Montreal!\n\nSt-Viateur Bagel has been a fixture in Montreal since 1957 when Myer Lewkowicz brought his recipes from Eastern Europe and decided to share them with the people of Montreal.2 They sell over 12,000 bagels a day and the St-Viateur location is open 24 hours.  Everyone wants a St-Viateur bagel!  The line wrapped around the block during my visit.\n\nWhat is the big secret to making the best bagels in Montreal?  There are two key items needed:\n\n   1) Wood-burning oven\n   2) Hand rolling the dough \n\nI am not going to lie, the St-Viateur bagels are fantastic.  A few months ago I discovered the best donuts in Montreal and now I have found the best bagels!  I will let you decide if these are the best in North America or north of America.  I will just say they are pretty darn good and you can be the judge.
I've had nothing but First Class treatment and service at Mayo Clinic Family on Thunderbird.  My old doctor has moved on to Australia, but the staff is great as is my new doctor.  \n\nExcept, for their poorly thought out scheduling system which sets up appointments without your input.  Sorry, I'm still venting this one!\n\nI'm still giving them 5 Stars!
Mr. Sandwich offers Costco-like deals on food and bubble tea.  If you buy 5 sandwiches, you get 1 free, and if you buy 2 bubble tea drinks, you get 1 free.  This might be tempting for those coming in a large group.  I didn't try any of the sandwiches, but my husband did and he said it was very good.  I had an espresso mocha bubble tea which tasted more like Yoo-Hoo chocolate milk rather than a coffee drink, which was very disappointing.
This was a neat little place (colorful and fun looking). I wouldn't say I was wowed away nor was I disappointed with my experience (food wise). I'd like to give this place another go before I make up my mind about whether to like or dislike this place. As of right now, I view them as about average with friendly staff and a nice place to chill.\n\nThe original mocha ice blended I had was pretty good. The smallest size they had was quite big to me. I guess that's why their prices are a bit higher (?). Unfortunately, that was the only thing I tried so I can't recommend other items. From what I observed though, this place is pretty popular.
SLOW INTERNET ... Ok Coffee\nIf you are trying to do work in this coffee shop, don't rely on their snail speed internet.  You're faster going somewhere else or tethering your phone for internet.  They should upgrade their internet from home internet to an actual business one.\n\nAs for the beverages, I had a French Vanilla Latte recommended by the barista which was too spiced in my opinion.  The attempt of the heart with the foam was a distorted heart but still cute.  The motif in the place was cute. I like the concept and decorations.\n\nOverall it was a decent experience if you're not in a rush to get work done.
This airport, unlike any other, is all about getting zero sleep before you zombie walk in to the place, to your gate, and on to your plane. Being fully rested makes the security buzzer go off and is highly not recommended.
Okay, so first this place smells. I don't know if it was the day we went or its a stench thats been there, but it definitely smells which already turns me off. Secondly, everything on the menu is ridiculously overpriced and not worth it. It is like overpriced diner food.\n\nHOWEVER, my friend and I did rather enjoy the frozzzen hot chocolate. We've tried to make it at home before and it was not as rich as this one. \n\nAll in all, I would pay for the drink, not for everything else.
I too, was invited to an event at this hotel.\n\nUnfortunately, the hotel staff and marquee were useless. I've never seen this before in a Hyatt, but not only were we directed to an empty room, but it took the staff (two folks) about 10+ minutes to send us to the correct room for the meeting.\n\nOnce in the meeting room, it was cold.\n\nConsequently, our food was a bit cooler than our liking. However, it was tasty.\n\nThe staff was friendly, from the front desk/receptionist staff to the waitstaff...all friendly.\n\nBecause we did not stay in the rooms, I would, however, consider a night's stay another time...just to be fair.
There is absolutely nothing special about this bar whatsoever, but it is perfectly nice, and nice is better than horrible. It is pretty small, but has a friendly atmosphere, especially during the evenings, when they have live traditional Scottish folk music. The band are great for background music and are especially welcome in the cold Edinburgh winter. With the unusual addition of a video of a fire on the wall, you feel like you are in a traditional pub.\n\nThe bar is tiny but still manages to have all the normal drinks, with a good selection of bottled beers and ciders. The food is what you would expect from a pub, and is relatively cheap. They are particularly proud of their buffalo burgers (sourced locally. Yes apparently we do have buffalo in Edinburgh) which are apparently much healthier than beef, with less fat and reduce cholesterol. To be honest though it tasted exactly the same and my cholesterol, as far as I know, hasn't massively dropped (or increased for that matter, just pretty much stayed the same). \n\nThey have a pub quiz once a week which is quite easy but a good laugh. Overall the pub is a nice place to come for a few chilled out drinks, but not much more than that.
This review is for all Valley QT's.  The stores are still generally clean ( the best in the valley ) as far as convience stores are concern plus they have clean restrooms !\n\nHowever, every since QT first arrived in the valley the novelty is starting to wear off.  They now have some of the highest fountain drink prices, gas prices are generally 5-10 cents higher than the competitors and the employees are not as friendly as they used to be.\n\nThey are not rude just not as friendly as they used to be.\n\nIn this economy, I give my business to those who offer great deals.  .79 cents for a 32oz soda in a plastic cup and or .89 cents for a 32oz styrofoam cup fountain drinks is not going to cut it when I can get a 44oz .79 cent styrofoam cup at Circle K.\n\nAt QT a 44oz fountain drink now cost I believe a $1.09.\n\nHere's the low down.  I usually go to convience stores for a quick drink and a bite to eat, ie, hot dog.\n\nFor a 44oz fountain drink and hot dog at Circle K $1.78 before taxes.  QT $2.08 before taxes.  That is a .30 cent difference but when you are buying for a family of four that extra .30 cents adds up quick.\n\nDon't get me wrong QT is still supreme when it comes to clean stores and employees but they are slowly but surely becoming more expensive than your local Circle K and 7-11 just to name a couple.\n\nBottomline, I still go to QT but only every now and then.  Circle K despite their filthy stores gets my business more frequently because they save me $$$.\n\nToo Each Their Own !
Great multi level club, great on Thursday night. Love the roof top patio. Lines are a little long  and they hold the door sometimes but its cool.
It's been 2 years, so I made it back down to this Buffet today (and longer than that over to the awesome real Hong Kong!).  Ok, so I was joined this time by Jackie R. and Mike C.  Comparing it to yesterday's Buffet at Shanghai up in the north part of town, the selection was about the same size, with the food here a little bit fancier.  I enjoyed some Sweet & Sour Pork, for instance, which we don't usually see, the Coconut Chicken had some Walnut halves sprinkled in, and there was a noodle dish with a dab of duck.  Also, there's Mongolian BBQ here, the dining room is a little nicer, and they have a full bar, unusual for a Chinese Buffet (but lost on me).\n\nThe table service was good, but I still don't care for the unique \""feature\"" of having to ask for Sushi here, and this is the Valley's second most expensive Asian Buffet, after Jasmine Tokyo, a place that's really something.  Also, many items were either not identified or mislabeled today, and they didn't have all the food out at opening time.\n\nI'm going to have to go with a high 3 Stars for Hong Kong Gourmet this time, where the Lunch Buffet prices were $9.49/$8.54 Sr. on this weekday.     :-)
So my folks, who were staying at the Encore for a week, wanted to try this \""cafe\"" but it was closed for a few days as they replaced some carpeting or flooring mid-December. As soon as it re-opened, we all went for breakfast. We were taken with the vibrant decor, which was gorgeous: kind of a faux-Victoriana vibe going on, with a lot of black and white and plush upholstery pieces and heavy brocade drapes with humongous tassles and pops of magenta... you get the idea! Striking and lovely.\n\nPerhaps we hit up the place at an off-time, as the service was really lacking. Yes, our waiter took our orders promptly, but he and the other waitstaff were super slow in bringing us our coffees and food. Parties that were seated way after us were served way sooner. We thought that perhaps they forgot about us. Then our foods started coming out and they messed up our orders. My father specifically wanted a bowl of blueberries and they brought him mixed berries, and the wrong juice. (We didn't order anything wacky! Just the advertised menu fare). \n\nFinally, when we all received our correct orders, I admit, the food was really good. I had the 2 eggs \""Free Style\"" with bacon and toast and potatoes. It was great. My parents had a combination of blueberries (did you know they were considered a \""Super Food\""? LOL who knew?), and eggs and cereal. Sure, it was pricey, but everything was cooked how we wanted, with decent portions. Once the food arrived, that is.....\n\nMy parents went back to Society Cafe for breakfast a few times after I left Vegas and they enjoyed it. Again, I suspect that I was just there on an off-day. I would definately try it again.
Very mediocre. \n\nThe bone marrow flan is excellent, the wagyu filet was great, but the wagyu prime rib was really tough!!! Also, the service was quite poor. I've had much better steaks, and would not recommend Cut, especially given the price.
There are times where you just can't seem to find the energy to get fancy looking for a night out, but you really don't want to stay in. If you're looking to relax, have a cheap drink, meet some down to earth folks, and play some pool then this is where you need to be. The bartender is the coolest little lady I've ever met. Told me all about the joint. I wish I could share but after a few drinks well I forgot! But go on in and ask for yourself!! Don't forget to bring cash!
This is a great place on Mill for brunch.  I popped in in the middle of the week around 1130-12.  Surprisingly it wasn't too crowded with a busy lunch crowd. You walk in and order, they give you a number and bring your food to you.  \n\nI had a cup of coffee and a loaded omelet with fruit as the side.  The omelet was deliciously huge and jam packed with ingredients.  The coffee was just average, I mean..it was in one of those metal towers I'm sure it was just old considering it was lunch time.  The place was very open and bright which is always nice for lunch.  \n\nI'm looking forward to going back and trying their salad because they all looked great.  Service was fast and friendly, this is a great place to pop into for breakfast or lunch.
Food was good but not great. I had the Chicken fried steak and the only complaint was that it wasn't crispy but soggy from frying. The prices were a bit more than you regular breakfast establishment  but service was good. One other thing cost this place a star.... the noise. Busy places have noise but a restaurant should be able to find decor elements to keep sound from echoing so bad... this is not a place to have a conversation in.
A couple weeks ago I ate a Tammie Coe Black Velvet cupcake and it was so amazingly good that it's been all I've thought about since. \nToday I ventured back in to LGO trying to recreate the heavenly experience but alas..NO BLACK VELVET CUPCAKES! Son of a bitch. I went with the Toffee Vanilla instead. Meh. Frosting too hard, cake was slightly stale. For that I take away two stars. \nLucky for me, LGO is about two blocks from where I work so I have every opportunity to stake it out until my beloved Black Velvet is back in that pasty case. Preeeecioussssss.....\n\nDon't even think about coming here for lunch. Parking is a total bastard.
I normally don't like chain restaurants, but I do like eating at the Olive Garden in Greentree.  The food is pretty good here and the service is always excellent.  Although not my first choice, still quite okay.
It was good.  We wanted something easy and breezy for our last night in Montreal this past Sunday.  Our friends took us to this tiny place located in Le Village next door to Mozza. \n\nThe spicy peanut sauce chicken was delicious.  I'm not much for fried spinach and I didn't know people did that, but it was gooooood! \n\nPros: \n\n-The menu is no fuss or muss. \n-You know what you are ordering. \n-Fresh food.  \n-Friendly and good service. \n-Clean establishment. \n-Good location.
Leave yourself plenty of time to get where you need to go here. Seriously, the paths between terminals are the longest I've ever encountered. It'd be like if DFW didn't have the little air tran thing. \n\nBesides that, it's a pretty straightforward airport and has never been overly crowded on my visits. I'm not necessarily wowed by the dining options
I'm really giving this place 2 stars on service and 4 stars on food.  The food, all of it is really great, some of the best pizza I've had, all of the country.  The service,, well, sux.  The girls are rude and awkward which makes the whole experience a bit off.  It's a more fast food/sit down place so I'm not looking for an experience but I don't want to feel like I'm putting the waitress out either.  \n\nI've since started doing the takeout to avoid the staff LOL but the food is delish.
Growing up in Florida I am spoiled with the availability of fresh fish 5 times weekly, now in San Diego it's about the same.  So, I was a little apprehensive about ordering seafood in Vegas,  but when I found out they flew in in twice daily, I was hook line and sinker.  Service was really attentive without being intrusive.  Food was fresh and well executed. But what bowled me over was their steak sauce. Yum,  Just go ahead and drench everything but the sweets in that savory sauce.
Located inside the food court of the Palms Hotel & Casino. Chronic Tacos opened their 2nd location in Las Vegas this past Monday. Never having tried Chronic, I decided to give it a go since it's nearby.\nThe spot looked nice enough. Prices reasonable. I got the burrito with Al Pastor, and made it a meal. The meal included chips, salsa, rice, beans & a drink. Came out to $10 which isn't too bad. They had no trays available since I was dining in, so I had to carry 4 separate things to a table.\nThe burrito(pun intended) was a fatty! It was almost as wide as it was long. It's what I would imagine I'd look like if I was a burrito. The meal sides of spanish rice & pinto beans were decent tasting. The burrito alone probably would have sufficed. I only finished about half of the meal and had to take the rest home. I asked the lady at the Chronic register if I could get a plastic bag to carry my stuff home and she said they had none. Odd.\nExcept for no trays or plastic takeout bags it was good. I will have to go back and give a few of the other options a try. They had a good selection of meats/seafood to choose from. Steak, chicken, fish, shrimp and even veggie, to name a few.
Stayed at the Monte Carlo for a conference otherwise probably wouldn't even have given the somewhat negative reviews.\nThe public areas of the hotel-casino are quite nice as is the spa/exercise room. There is a variety of decent dinning options, including a food court that has a McDonald's, Subway, a fresh Mex and pizza place. \nI stayed on a non-smoking floor (23), which was quiet. The room itself was in need of updating. The carpet was clean but worn and the furniture was both beat up and dated (the drawn on the desk kept sliding open for no reason and I finally had to wedge a piece of paper in it to keep it shut. \nThe bed and pillows were comfortable and the bedding was adequate but nothing fancy. The bath was adequate with tile floor and a good shower (though some might find the flow pressure a bit high). \nOverall, the room reminded me of a basic Comfort Inn or Best Western.\nThe location is good and there is a CVS next door, which is convenient for snacks and any essentials.\nMGM bills the Monte Carlo as the budget/entry level alternative to the Aria at the City Center, which is right next door. That's an accurate description.
I ordered an almond taro milk tea, which was pretty good. However, the popcorn chicken is not the typical popcorn I was expecting. And I got a bunch of breaded pieces left :/
This place is beautiful and close to the Mandalay Hotel. The food is great.\nThe service is a little lacking professionalism, but okay.\nI don't think it was worth the money you pay for what it offers.
Next to and connected to the City Stop gas station. Friendly staff and quick service for carry out. Staff was brief on the phone but friendly.\nIt is Domino's, so it is not the most fancy but the pizza looked and tasted fresh and delicious.
Started out so promising.......why is it when small restaurants start out great they get comfortable and fizzle...been here several times and each time I see and taste the decline.The gyros were great then tasted as if they've been under the lamps all day. Why is it that the tables are always dirty and only a handful of people are seated? I wish I could say I'm going back.
4 guys and 3 girls for dinner before the club....my overall experience here could have been better....the portions are small and they came out too slow.....maybe we should have ordered more appropriately, or maybe I just don't like the shared portions theme, where they come out the way they do here......but I remember seeming to wait too long and not being satisfied but frustrated....the food was pretty good though, just not enough of it....for what you get I think it's for sure over priced....the lounge was the best part as it's cool and is outside the restaurant and good for people watching while you don't feel like you're on the casino floor like some other lounges....the lounge doesn't really seem part of the restaurant, it is right outside the actual entrance, it's not inside the restaurant.........the restaurant's atmosphere was pretty decent, but I still just wasn't all that impressed with it...the servers were good, nothing great....I am a fan of the mirage and wanted to like this place, but it was really just ok for a vegas upscale jap restaurant....
We had all you can eat here last night.  It's a small place with not much seating so unless you call ahead you will likely have to sit at the bar.  The dynamite is delicious along with the tempura ice cream.  I would say the quality is average as well as the price.  The location is convenient but for all you can eat w/ a good quality I would probably go somewhere else.
This little spot is locally owned and indie, that's a big plus.  They're also a Coke place (not Pepsi) another plus. We ordered a take out pizza with four toppings (tomato, onion, sausage, black olive).  The toppings were generous and tasty and the pizza was hot and cheesy.  It was a little skimpy on the tomato sauce, though. The crust was thin with good texture, but sadly it didn't have much flavor. Service was fast, tattooed, and friendly. \n\nNino's looks like it's been there forever; it's a nondescript spot in the middle of desolate 99th and Olive.  It's got a bar, some locals, and maybe 8 tables.  Since it's so small, I find it ridiculous that they charge a 50 cent take out fee.  It's essentially a take-out place! Granted it's only 50 cents, but charging customers for not eating there seems like bad business and will make me rethink giving them another try.\n\nHon and I have been cheaping out on Basha's pizza, we loved the low price but got tired of the inconsistent quality.  Nino's was good, but it wasn't great. We might try it again because the locally owned/indie thing counts for a lot.  But Mr. Nino, seriously, dump the take out fee.
I will never order from this place again!!!  I placed an online order at 3:50PM and received an email confirmation that it would be ready at 4:20PM.  I call at 4:50 to find out where my pizza is and am told by the guy who picks up that they never received my order and that there online order system is down and they have no cooks in the kitchen to make full pizza orders but they are still serving slices.  I ask him whether my card will be charged since the system is down.  He says no.  Immediately I check my account online and sure enough there is pending transaction for $23.69.  So I guess they're system wasn't down after all.  More likely they forgot to make my order and instead of simply apologizing and offering to make the order now, the guy lies to me and tells me their system is down and they don't have cooks in the kitchen but they're open for business and still serving slices of pizza, just not full pizza orders.  Which doesn't make any sense at all because either he's lying about not having any cooks in the kitchen or they're serving people frozen re-heated slices of pizza and calling it fresh.  Either way, thank goodness for bank charge backs.  I had the transaction reversed within minutes when I contacted my bank.  Mama Mia pizza has lost a customer for life.\n\nUPDATE:  The owner called me back to apologize almost an hour later and offered to make me my pizza.  I've revised my rating to 3 stars because they do have good pizza.  But don't ever order online.  This place can't handle online orders and this is not the first time I've had problems ordering online with them.  Personally, I don't think I'll be going back.
I have a love/hate relationship with this place. That's why it's taken me so long to write a review. I debated between a 3 and 4 star rating. I really could use that 1/2 star right about now! \n\nEveryone seems to love to come here. My first encounter with HHAGG was in San Diego, about 5 or 6 years ago. I was impressed by the portions, decor and service, but not the flavors. I hate to say it, but that trend has continued since going to the one here in Vegas as well. \n\nI understand the appeal and I don't hate the fact that everyone I know likes to frequent this place for special occasions or lunch. There are definitely some appetizing things on the menu, I'm just not a devotee. Although I won't put up a fight if my friends want to go. Most of the food is just ok. I think the problem I have with most of their dishes is that there are just too many flavors going on. You can't taste the actual food. Also, a lot of their proteins (chicken, pork, beef) are overcooked and dry.  It's all concept and no execution as far as most of the dishes go. The food is just very regular, despite the enormous portions and spectacular presentation. \n\nOne thing I enjoy at HHAGG is the breakfasts. I enjoy the hashes and scrambles quite a bit, so if you're going to come, come for breakfast or brunch. There drinks are quite good and pretty as well. \n\nAt the very least, the food is very photogenic!
Apr\u00e8s Crescent, la rue Ste-Catherine manque un peu en terme de boutiques. Mais depuis quelques ann\u00e9s, on a maintenant Boutique 1861! Super cute, belle vitrine r\u00e9tro et belle s\u00e9lection de robes pour celles qui ont envie d'un look hyper-f\u00e9minin. \n\nQuoiqu'unique dans le coin, j'ai une grosse r\u00e9serve enversd la boutique; je n'arrive jamais \u00e0 y trouver quoi que ce soit. Leur stock est fait pour des filles de 5'6\"" ou moins et, bien, moi, je suis grande. Donc, pas de robes de Boutique 1861 pour moi (\u00e0 moins que j'aie envie d'une tunique).
Not a bad place, so the \""A-OK\"" rating is fitting.\nHuge room on the 25th floor, a double bedroom room, with a large living area in the middle.  \n\nMany different dining options downstairs, from prime rib to Steak n Shake.\n\nThe Seattle's Best coffee place gets very busy in the morning, be aware.\n\nThe bagels at the deli are AMAZING, highly recommend one of those babies for breakfast.\n\nHotel is about 10-15 minutes from the Strip, but the hotel has plenty of parking in the lots and in a large parking structure.
Well. Maybe. We loved the antipasto (cold cuts and really good cheese, beets and these amazing marinated carrots) and the pizza. But were disappointed with pretty much everything else we ever ate there. Good house dressing, though.\n\nMeatball pizza was particularly delicious. Inside, you might find yourself eating with the early birds (kinda fun) or karaoke (kinda not). And then after awhile it got annoying to pick up pizza in Bloomfield.
Great lunch and brunch! Delicious coffee, donuts and chicken and waffles.
There seems to be a. \""Click\"" that hangs at the bar . So if ur not part of it u r basically ignored by the bartender . Not hating just saying don't sit at the bar if ur not a regular
3.5 stars\n\nHonestly, I was expecting more from a Michael Mina restaurant.  The best part of the meal was my salmon, a very important part, but I thought everything would be outstanding.\n\nMy boyfriend had the bacon wrapped scallops served with lentils and carrots, really I could have made this at home.  The scallops tasted like a beginner had cooked them.  There was absolutely nothing stand out about this dish.\n\nI had the pre-fixe menu which starts off with cheese fondue to share.  I had the market salad with beets and goat cheese with a citrus vinaigrette.  The dressing was too citrus-y and overpowering.  My salmon on the other hand was amazing.  I normally don't order salmon at restaurants, but this was what caught my eye.  I had it prepared medium rare and it was pan sauteed and then roasted for a crispy outside.  It was served with shitake mushrooms and white asparagus with a mushroom emulsion.\n\nFor dessert we ordered the bread pudding with caramel pecan ice cream.  It was ok.  I like my bread pudding to have some texture and not just be mush.  It needed way more ice cream than it came with. \n\nService was standard, nothing special.  Wine list is WAY WAY overpriced.  A glass of Chalone Pinot Noir costs $17 and I know that whole bottle costs like $14.\n\nWith the variety that Vegas offers, I wish I could have tried somewhere else.
I came here expecting the worst. A friend of ours checked-in before we arrived to the city and told us how ghetto it was. Seeing the low Yelp ratings didn't help neither.\n\nThis hotel is located on the north end of the strip. The older side of Vegas. Even the sign screamed old! They really need to update that. There is a large parking structure and plenty of outdoor parking, but I would recommend parking in the structure since it'll be a lot closer to the hotel entrance. \n\nChecking in was a nightmare. There were tons of people trying to snag a room without reservations, which held up the line. Our check-in, however, was fast and easy.\n\nThe guy helping us told us there was only a double room available with a queen bed. No big deal. King beds are a bit excessive if you ask me. What's better was he told us the room we were getting is much larger than regular rooms. I was so glad to hear that, but was still doubtful seeing the atmosphere.\n\nWhen we finally saw the room, I thought it was actually really nice! It was significantly larger than standard rooms. There was a little bar area when we walked in with a sink and fridge, a large living room area connected to the bedroom, and a good sized bathroom with a shower and jacuzzi tub. Not too shabby! We definitely lucked out on this one with the price we paid. \n\nOur friend's room on the other hand was horrible... It was ridiculously small and the bathroom was a sorry excuse for a bathroom. You'll definitely feel crammed if you have 4 people.\n\nI didn't even bother checking out the rest of the hotel, but it's nice that they have a monorail to take you to the strip directly from here. I found our room very comfortable. Plus, if you opt out of room service they give you $10 in hotel or gaming credit. Be sure to call before 1 am, though (or it doesn't count). They'll slip the credit under your room door the next morning.\n\nIt's definitely a hit or miss here.
contemporary mexican food, great flavor, if not slightly pricey.\n\nThis place is actually located on the ground level of the massive World Market center just north of the Premium Outlets mall, so if you think you are driving the wrong way, you are likely right on track.\n\nThere are two things on the menu that stand out, the Wagyu Skirt Steak dinner and the Mexican Street Corn side dish.  We have tried a few things, but these are the best. The skirt steak has great flavor, and the mexican corn is so creamy and lime with just enough cilantro (which I hate) to be perfect.  The flavor on both of these dishes is outstanding.\n\nNow the reason for 3 stars and not 4.  If you order 2 of those skirt steakd dinners with 4 margaritas and you are over $100 without tip, so set expectations accordingly.  Mundo is 4 star on flavor, but I gave them 3 stars as they are just a bit pricey.  Maybe if drinks were less it would be enough to get the bill down and i would have no reservations on a 4 star rating.
Not bad, but there are better options nearby. I like Arirang a little better, and Woori-Jib even more. There are better places a bit further away like K-bowl, which I highly recommend, and Star Karaoke which is in Savoy.\n\nI come here primarily for two dishes: Bibim nyang myun, and the crispy spicy chicken both of which are pretty good. Prices are a bit high, but they have introduced some cheaper dishes recently. The major complaint I have is with the fruit flies. Winter, summer...whenever, they're always there flying around you. No other place on campus has this problem. I counted 5 of them on the wall right next to me the last time I ate here, and usually I have to swat them away several times while I eat. Not a major problem for some, but it's an issue for me.
I liked the music. Kinda reminded me of The Beach with it's Go-Go dancers sans hunky barbacks that make you get on your knees to pour a shot down your throat. I miss The Beach.
Great service good food.  Not fabulous but good.
Lunch was good. But then again, its hard to mess up a buffalo chicken sandwich. But stopped back for dinner with my parents the next night and both steaks ordered at the table were extra tough. Definitely a sports bar not steak house, should have known better
I thought this was a chain, but it is not.  It is a \""oner\"" and offers lots of food options.\n\nSon and I have done lunch a few times and did a dinner with wife.  Very much like the menu.\n\nThey have soups, onion being very good, along with some cream soups.  Special soups frequently.\n\nSandwiches cold or hot, lots of variety.  Plates under specials include traditional corned beef and cabbage along with more.\n\nDeciding what you want is hard, and then there are a zillion beers to beat your decision-making to death.\n\nWait people are on-it and very friendly.\n\nLunch specials include soup and sandwich/salad, which include some of the special sandwiches.\n\nAm not a bar kind of guy, so if you don't like the TVs and the loudness usually with the younger crowd, come for lunch.  It is very quiet and staid, an easy environment for a conversation or business meeting.
Came here at about midnight last night. Entry was free since I was staying at the hotel. Guy at the door isn't very friendly, but hardly any doormen in Vegas are so this came as no surprise. \nGot upstairs, music was ok... Typical dance pop/edm. DJ wasn't that great. Drinks are reasonably priced. View is definitely amazing!! \nDance floor is small, but wasn't packed. No seating available outside. Crowd was about 35-50 years old. Great energy and looked like they were having a great time.\nIf you're in your 20's this might not be a very exciting scene for you. Specially if you're used to clubs like Marquee and XS. In comparison to that this club is very lack luster and not very fun. \nBut at least they got that great view...
We originally had planned to try the new bacchanal buffet at Caesar's for brunch, but once we saw the line and how slowly it moved, we decided to ditch the idea.\n\nWe wandered over to the food court. Being that I have been eating clam chowder regularly (not sure why I always have cravings for it nowadays), it was an easy choice for me to want to try the Lobster Chowder Company. As one would expect, it wasn't cheap. But hey, do you really think Vegas would offer anything at a low price?? It was still probably cheaper than the clam chowder you get at the outdoor window at Disneyland, if that's any consolation.\n\nWe ordered both the lobster corn chowder and the clam chowder. Both tasted decent and standard -- nothing amazing but it wasn't bad either. I personally thought the clam chowder was better, though it did taste pretty similar to the lobster chowder. The bread bowls were pretty small though compared to bread bowls I've had at other places. However, this is not to say that the portions were tiny -- one bread bowl left me pretty full!  We also ordered a portion of french fries, which turned out to be the crinkly cut kind and boy do they give you a LOT. Volume-wise, the amount of fries was larger than a bread bowl of soup.\n\nWe were so pleasantly surprised on how friendly the staff was. They came around table to table asking how we were doing and if we needed anything else. They brought around napkins and toothpicks, without being requested, too! Awesome service, I'd say!
I'm conflicted. I love Elton John. I mean, I adore his music and have since I was a child. This concert - just the music - was fabulous. Venue gave you the intimate feel of being at a club while you know there are probably a thousand people watching (or at least, it felt like it when you looked around). They could have toned the sound down because the acoustics were bumpin' and didn't need to deafen us. \n   Sir Elton gave it his all. I love him cappin' warmly on Celine Dion (he called her the Q Tip which I loved). I love the little insights into the songs. I love the subtle costume changes which were basically a different coloured shirt with a black jacket with matching details. I love that he played my favourite two songs back to back (\""The Bitch is Back\"" and \""I'm Still Standing\""). \n   The blow up stuff was strange and funny but I got it. By the end, the subtleness was sort of gone and you just wanted to say, I got it. The neon was great fun and sort of like a juvenile dirty joke that you smile at but find yourself going, okay, what with the rainman like repeats?\n   What made me drop this review from a five (because EJ rocks) to a three? \n   I like David LaChappelle's photography. His video vignettes behind the songs...not so much. During some of the songs, like \""Philadelphia Freedom,\"" he had some weird ass montages that seemed like bits out of bad '70s porn of women touching themselves. Watching his interpretations of a lot of the songs was really distracting like the weird ass ballet between a man and a woman that alternated between abuse and sex for \""Don't Let the Sun Go Down On Me\"" was just....irritating. \n    Finally, I turned to J and said, \""It's like a 12 year old saying the f word 37 times in a row to shock you.\""  She agreed. \n    Oh and seriously, it was getting old the whole overtly sexual imagery of the blow up stuff and the roses (see the Georgia O'Keefe controversy about her flowers) which is just annoying after awhile.\n   Maybe I'm just an old breeder who hasn't been a hag in awhile so I don't get the 'in' joke of the gay community on this or it's just something so avant garde that I'm just too conservative these days to get but the vids were just annoying after awhile (save for \""Daniel\"" and the one with Justin Timberlake and Paul Rubens). \n    Great show, Sir Elton. Lose the background visual noise.
I wish I loved the food as much as the views and atmosphere. Breads were good, especially enjoyed peanutbutter butter. Shrimp cocktail had a fun twist. The beef tenderloin and cod were good. The MiX candy bar was a tasty dessert. Service was a bit snooty, but otherwise good.
Tried their pizza and some wings tonight. I was a little skeptical about it as there was no one there at all @ 6pm and their grade was in the low 90s. I told the cashier it was our first time in and thought maybe she would offer a suggestion but no. The pizza was just Ok, nothing special.  The wings were good. I felt like the $2.50 upcharge was ridiculous for requesting all flats and $1.00 for one extra blue cheese. Bottom line it is, it wasn't bad but I think I'd rather just order delivery from papa john's.
Popped to the bar for a drink early on a Friday night. The space is pretty swank, but not snobbish, and we snagged a nice table with armchairs by a giant window overlooking the castle, lovely. The drinks are surprisingly affordable for such a swish place, and there were some intriguing cocktails. The service was fine.\n\nI hate to judge a place on its clientele, but I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Near our table, another group was already completely hammered (at ten at night) and shouting, singing, slurring their words, deliberately pouring beer on the floor (!) and the staff only reprimanded them after the girl climbed into the guy's lap and proceeded to eat his face. For all of their fancy appearance, the Rutland Bar doesn't necessarily attract the classiest clientele, and they'll allow them to carry on regardless of the other patrons, as long as they'll keep buying (even though they should have been cut off long ago).
Probably my favorite Irish pub in AZ for Sunday nights because it's rather casual, with live music, and the service/food isn't bad either.  I can't comment on the busier nights here.  They pour a good pint of Guinness and it has a small, intimate feel that I miss from the Irish pubs I used to frequent in Chicago.
Not bad but not great. We took an expen$ive cab from the strip to try it and it was NOT worth the round trip. This is supposed to have an Asian influence but for the life of us, couldn't find it. If you live in the area, it's worth a shot, not terribly expensive. We were there on a chilly winter's eve so there was zero crowd or trendiness apparent. Dined tapas style rather than main plates. Cocktails were pretty good. I don't see the rave and often don't in LV.
Last spring, the Tropicana had a sneak preview that was about $15 per person.  For $15 it was okayyy.  They warned us in advance that there were some technical difficulties, so I gave them a pass.  But the experience seemed to have an identity crisis.  Is it a museum or an interactive game?  Either would be fine, but it is hard to do both.  The museum was pretty cool, especially if you like mob history.  In the middle of the interactive game, you go into several rooms with photos, news clipping, and artifacts.  Again- it was still interesting, but it is hard to stop the game midstream and looks at stuff.  Maybe they should move the museum part to the end?   Also, I thought that mix of fact and fiction was too much.  We were greeted by a Robert Deniro / Paul Vitti (from Analyze This with his popular trademark/ catch phrase \""Youuu.\"") character.  I thought he did a good job - and I am a big fan of both Deniro and Analyze this- but there are so many colorful real life mob figures that using a fictional character was stretching it a bit.
I am quite the regular here, as I love their cocktails. But unless you have Karuna as your server, the service often is lacking. The bartenders and servers are all incredibly friendly, but it's always a bit slow. And I realize slow drinks are to be expected there, so that's fine. I just mean greeting, getting checks, taking orders, etc. \n\nThe food is either delicious or bland as hell. My friend and I got the pot pies and both pot pies were just not flavorful at all. The next time I ate I had the Mac and cheese with the braised beef. It was also a bit bland. It needed salt and pepper. The annoying thing about eating there is that there is never salt and pepper on the table! And the food is expensive for the fact that it's not that great. \n\nAll in all, I'll continue to go back because I like the drinks and it's a great atmosphere when it's quieter on weekdays. But I wish those things could improve.
I booked an appointment for a friday at 11:00. I had the day off with my parents visiting and I heard weekend appointments were crazy busy. I had some dresses \""saved\"" on their website and they were able to pull those up in the store. The sales associate was nice, helped find the dresses I was interested in and showed me where to look through the racks for more styles. \n\nI found a dress I really liked, it was a little more than what I wanted to spend though. I also had a second bridal shop appointment after this one, so I had to give the other place a chance too. \n\nThe sales associate gave me her card and told me I could call anytime to purchase the dress as she wrote down the size and style number. I didn't end up purchasing from David's because I ended up finding a gown at my second appointment which was within my budget. \n\nOverall there wasn't anything particularly negative....or positive. Just kind of sandwiched in the middle. I wasn't dissapointed, but I wasn't wowed either. Considering a lot of other shops out there, they still offer some very pretty gowns and reasonable prices. Still worth checking out.
Even though it's the Holiday shopping season, this store wasn't over crowded when I loitered through it on Saturday.\n\nThe displays were well kept, the employees were attentive, the store was clean and the prices seemed reasonable.  Too bad I was just \""window\"" shopping.\n\nI do like the Van Heusen brand they carry.  They had a neat \""under $10\"" bin and also carry some \""Sharper Image\"" products.
I do not understand the hype for this place.  Their sushi is good but nothing spectacular.  The poke...eh.  The fish tostada...meh.  It's fresh, don't get me wrong, but nothing I ate here sticks in my mind.  It blends in with the numerous other \""okay\"" sushi restaurants in the area.  The only bright spots were the nigiri...everything else was blah.\n\nThe restaurant is also really small and they pack it to the max.  They even stole two of our chairs during the meal to pack it even further.   This place is awesome if you like refugee-camp-style dining!  They really need to get a bigger space (and a new sign--it still says Brian's Beach Sushi).\n\nAlso, the service is fast and attentive but I couldn't take a bite without a server asking me how I was doing.  I felt like screaming \""thank you, but for the love of god leave me alone!\""  The serving tempo was so intense that I felt like everyone was having some kind of manic episode.  \n\nFor me, the nigiri is the only reason to go back.  Otherwise, I'll pass.
I usually have a pretty good dining experience here. I never go for anything but happy hour. They have a solid HH menu with many options to choose from. My coworkers and I recently went for sushi and drinks. This visit left me feeling unimpressed and solidified my love for Kona Grill. The sushi was...OK. Nothing great this time around. The others in my party felt the same about their food. It took a good 15 minutes to get our check and another 15 to get our cards back after paying. Of course I was in a rush but even if I wasn't, that's a long time to wait to pay your server. Probably won't be back any time soon.
Good breakfast\nClean\nBut add stingy on towels and bathroom supplies.\n\nOkay kind of breakfast\nCoolers and room a.c. worked
Had a great time here with a group of about 15 people.  A little bit difficult getting everyone in as we had a male/female ratio close to 50%. The place is nice, drinks are expensive, and the clientele was pretty much like you would expect at a club in Vegas.\n\nI do have one complaint though, and to me, it's a big one (thus the 3 star rating). The DJ was bad. Best example of this is that I heard the same four Bon Jovi songs (or partial songs, I suppose it was a Bon Jovi mix) about 6 times in the 3 hours we were there. The first time was awesome, the second time was still fun, but after that, we were all thinking \""Are you fucking kidding me?\"" Don't get me wrong, I love Bon Jovi, but it was excessive and took away from the experience.\n\nI hope this was a fluke. I'll probably check out Lavo again next time in Vegas, but I'll be outta there pretty quick if I hear Bon Jovi on repeat...
New York New York, hotel and casino, is probably a mid-class hotel that I would probably consider, if you want to stay on a the strip for a low to decent price. Just spending a night, I really didn't expect much out of it, but pricing is reasonable. \n\nWe stayed in the Park Avenue rooms, which was decent. It does lack amenities. No fridge, old school tube TV, small window and thin walls. On the upside, I liked that the Internet was free and had its own table. We had a king size bed, that was comfy and had extra pillows. The bathroom was decent, but not fond with the shower head. The room was a decent size just for the wife and I. \n\nOther then the room, we really did enjoy walking around the hotel. We liked the food at Nine Fine Irishmen, which was a new experience. We also did some gambling, where the dealers were friendly and helpful. The staff at the front desk and all over, was very friendly. \n\nI would probably consider this place for those who aren't looking for much in the hotel amenities and just a place to lay your head. But the staff are friendly, the dealers were friendly, and its on the strip. This is probably a place that you would get your money's worth and depending how adventurous you are, then sure enough you'll get your money's worth and them some.
Sushi on Shea was a well decorated sushi restaurant. The staff is friendly but that might of been because it was so empty. I went on a Wensday night around 7 and it was completly empty. I ordered a few of there specialty rolls such as the Lobster roll and the Eel and Avocado roll. They were both good but nothing really that amazing to make me go back. They do offer other selections other than sushi.
This place is just OK.  The Pho there is OK, nothing exciting honestly.  I've only been to a few pho places but this one is probably at the bottom (not saying that it's bad though.....just comparing).  \n\nThe place is very clean.  The pho is served in a bowl that's too small to be honest, I didn't have any room to put the bean sprouts in without it seeming like it would overflow the bowl. \n\nThe fried rice is...well....average at most.  I wasn't the biggest fan, but once again...wasn't awful, i've just had better.\n\nLastly I had thai tea boba.  A bit too sweet for my taste, with not enough boba (which they also \""accidentally\"" overcharged me for (they fixed the problem).  I looked over my bill and things didn't really add up...it seemed as if certain things were more expensive than i recall seeing on the menu.\n\nNonetheless, I probably wont come back here, but I guess it's worth a shot for curious restaurant goers.
On my Italian quest, I decided to give Zio a try with my 'I love pizza' 3 year old.  I tried the Grilled sweet sausage pizza because of the reviews and it was pretty darn good, but I wasn't a big fan of the grilled crust.  I think I will give it another try but go with the new york style.
Definitely a beautiful room, kept away from the main carpet and easy to access.  \n\nUnfortunately, I've had varied experiences at the Venetian.  The first time I visited, they took 10 minutes to bring me my chips once I sat down.  It was almost two orbits before I had money in front of me, and that was something I haven't experienced in even the most chaotic and undermanaged rooms.  I vowed to steer clear of this room because of this slight.\n\nI recently stayed at the hotel, and for that reason I came back.  I didn't have any problems this time, so I'm guessing my experience earlier was an oversight.  Still, it'll take a little while before I can give a better rating.\n\nThis room also attracts a lot of sharks because of how many games they run and the variety in stakes.  This is fine, but it cuts down sharply on both profit and enjoyability when you're stuck next to 3 or 4 internet players who haven't learned the social aspects of the game.\n\nI prefer other rooms, but can understand why the V's room is so popular.  The bloom is off the rose for me until I get more consistency with the staff.
Sub tasted OK, priced. Bit high...my wife and I were no impressed and we eat at many restaurants and fast food joints.  Staff was not feeling it, it was close to closing so they looked like they wanted to be anywhere but at work.  Whole experience was kinda lame.
All in all, my experience at Bar Masa was wonderful.  I was a bit skeptical at first, having heard mixed reviews from other diners.  \n\nThe food was amazing.  Not anywhere else on the strip would I have been able to enjoy some of the rare selection of fish flown in from Japan, so that was a real treat.  \n\nThe ambience and space was very different than I expected, very modern but a bit cold and uninviting.  I had envisioned something more intimate.  So we decided to enjoy our dinner at the bar.  (There was no sushi bar..) \n\nOn to the food...\n\nAkamutsu, grated daikon, yuzu ponzu - the citrus brought out the \n          sweetness of the buttery snapper\n\nYuba Sashimi - I love anything yuba. Simple and delicious\n\nShrimp and Hotate Ceviche - refreshing clean interpretation of ceviche\n\nShirauo Tobanyaki - icefish sizzling with anchovies, garlic, and a \n            squeeze of lime... really good\n\nKinmeDai, Shima-aji, Tako w/ truffle oil  Nigiri - the cut, the rice, and \n            the perfect bite size \n\nThe Sake...\n\nThank you to sommelier Jeffrey for guiding us through our tasting of  premium sake.  I really enjoyed your presence and knowledge of each sake and its stories.\n \nTAKASAGO \""Ginga Shizuku\"" - beautiful style of sake. clean. delicate.\n\nFUKUCHO \""Moon on the Water\"" - fragrant aromas of tropical ripe fruit\n                                                             bold. intense. elegant finish.\n                                                             so expressive and multi-layered. \n                                                             loved it. \n\nKAMOTSURU \""Sokaku\"" - Wow. From the fancy label to the rich flavor.\n                                              Definitely fit for a king.  Amazing with food.\n\nKIKUSAKARI \""Kura kagami\"" - Tokubetsu Daiginjo. Such a treat. Silky   \n                                                      and perfectly balanced.\n\nMuch of the plateware or yaki-mono was handcrafted by Chef Masa Takayama himself, with a his name stamped on the back of each dish. Simply calling them \""dishes\"" would not do justice to these exquisite pieces of art. Such a wonderful expression of Japanese culture.   \n\nI just wish the staff took the time to explain some of these little details to their guests.  \n\nBar Masa may be pricey but there is no compromise in the quality and is quite a bargain compared to having a blowout dinner at Shaboo, nextdoor.  \n\n\nThe food was exceptional, the presentation was a work of art, but the ambience threw me off. There was a certain imbalance about it all. I can't really explain it in words.  \n\nDefinitely worth it.  Make sure to keep your eyes open to the rare delicacies and details that make Bar Masa very special.  \n\nIf you like soba (buckwheat) at all, try the Soba Ice Cream.
I'm really not sure what all the hype is about.  The crab and shrimp dip is amazing and next time, that will be my entree.  My hubby got the tuvaroo (however that is spelled) wahoo tacos and they were really good, but too spicy for me.  I got the beer battered white fish tacos.  They were tasty but stone cold.  Like, the fresh from the cooler.  The place is super loud, unless you are lucky enough to be seated outside, and our table was literally in the doorway between the bar and the dining room.  I might get take out next time, if there is a next time.
The main reason for coming to this theater is the location, it's the closest Harkins by our house. I also love the $1 refill souvenir cups! The chairs are pretty comfy but I must say AMC's are much better. The employees are nice/friendly. It's not the cleanest theater, but I wouldn't say it's dirty. The bathrooms are ok, kind of a mess at times. \n\nI have noticed they tend to encounter technical difficulties often. A few months back we went to go see The Other Guys & during previews the manager came in saying they were working on fixing the screen. There were doubles of everything, kinda like we were all drunk. Well 10 minutes later she came back saying they weren't able to fix it. WTF!? They gave each person 2 free passes & said we could go see another movie playing if we wanted to. We were already there & everything so we saw Dinner For Schmucks, awful movie! \n\nThen, this past Friday we went to go see Due Date (awesome movie, hilarious!). It was near the last 10-15 minutes of the movie & all of a sudden the sound went out! Luckily, the picture was fine so we could see what was happening but again WTF!? The manager came in while they stopped the movie & said they aren't able to \""rewind\"" the movie so everyone would get 1 free pass, pretty sweet considering we did see the movie & only missed a minute or 2.
Been a long time since I have been in a Carl's. Again a chain and to be honest a bit pricey for fast food, but what-ch-gonna-do?\nBurger was decent, fries were ok as well.\nThis store is clean and the person at the counter did bring our order, and introduce herself, humm..
Nothing to write home about. The sub, which radio advertisements guarantee to be the best you've ever had or your money back, can easily be compared to the taste of the subway equivalent.  Though this one did look nicer, it wasn't worth the extra 6 bucks.  \n\nThey've got the drink machine with a bunch of options (200+) , cool if you're into that.
Got in free (LOVE being female!).  Tom Tom had to pay $20 or $30.\n\nWalked in and it was so hot that I actually believed that I had gone to hell.  I know it's a club and that it gets hot, but can we spend a little on A/C when it's 100 degrees outside?\n\nThe music was really great, but what I hated was the layout.  The \""dance floor\"" was some carpeted area (dangerous!) with a VIP area in the middle. That made it really difficult to walk around.  \n\nDidn't end up staying here long, which I suppose was a good thing because I felt like I was going to pass out.\n\nI have heard that they opened up another room that they are using for dancing now so it's better.  I'd give it another shot, but hopefully they have learned to turn on the A/C.
I recently purchased a Group on for their carwash.  Twice I had to go back and have them re-vacuum it.  I do have a dog but I always pre-vacuum the back seat, figuring that's only fair... This time they left road dirt and some tar on the back of the car.  They weren't very busy so there really was no reason to have missed it.  Not that busyness is an excuse.  I didn't feel the washes were worth the money that I paid for with a Group on and I won't be paying full price!
it's just an okay restaurant, to be honest. tastes nothing like the home country, but I guess it's the best we can do.\n\nambiance: 3 - just okay, but it sometimes smells like cleaning agent, which is a turnoff. there is limited seating, but thankfully not a long line.\n\nservice: 4 - preparation is pretty fast, but they can be a bit slow when taking orders.\n\nfood: 3 - halo halo is pretty okay, for which I grant this place two stars. for breakfast I had tocino and bangus. it was pretty disappointing because the tocino was pretty tasteless, and that's my favorite. they should really consider cooking and buying fresh foods instead of frozen foods.\n\nI say that because the tocino from seafood city, next door, is 100x better than this!
My first time trying Bun Bo Hue ever! Parking was easy, they have their own lot that is shared by other restaurants. The restaurant is very big and we were seated quickly. Service was a bit slow compared to the many employees that night. I felt like most of them tried really hard to avoid eye contact with their customers...I didn't like the Bun Bo Hue because it tasted kind of weird. Sort of like pho, but spicy... Their portions weren't big either. My bf and my dad had to order an additional rice plate to share and usually they don't need to when it comes to pho. Maybe it was a hit or miss. It was kind of pricey too. Perhaps, we should try another place for pho when we're in town.
A great place to go with large groups of people. Adequate bar food, decent beer, fun entertainment, attentive service. The history is interesting, but the presence of a gift shop adds to the off-putting feeling of fairly obvious American over-commercialization.
My wife and I order from here every now and then when we're in the mood for chinese.  I haven't noticed a difference in quality from here to China-a-go-go, or even New York Chinese in Summerlin. Maybe I'm not as much of a Chinese Food Connoisseur as I thought I was after reading other people's reviews, but it's close to our house and decently priced.  Nice food portions too, so we always have left overs, which I think is a plus.
J'en \u00e9tais maintenant \u00e0 ma troisi\u00e8me visite chez Vallier et mon opinion reste la m\u00eame quoi que...\nPremi\u00e8rement l'endroit. Super belle ambiance, pas trop bruyant, il est facile d'y venir en groupe ou en t\u00eate \u00e0 t\u00eate. \nDeuxi\u00e8ment la nourriture. Il existe bien bien pire \u00e0 Montr\u00e9al que ce qui est propos\u00e9 chez Vallier et peut \u00eatre que je n'ai pas choisi encore les plats qui me conviendrais le mieux mais personnellement, je trouve qu'au niveau qualit\u00e9/prix, il manque quelque chose. Je m'explique...\nLe potage de c\u00e9l\u00e9ri-rave est tout a fait correcte mais il manque un peu de go\u00fbt, d'assaisonnement. M\u00eame chose pour le burger. \u00c0 20$, on s'attend soit \u00e0 un peu plus, soit \u00e0 des ingr\u00e9dients un peu plus recherch\u00e9. Quand au dessert, le g\u00e2teau au fromage est bien, mais encore une fois ne se d\u00e9marque pas des autres endroits. \nCependant, mon invit\u00e9e, elle \u00e9tait combl\u00e9e. Que ce soit son entr\u00e9e de Mac&Cheese ou ses raviolis avec Canard, elle a tout mang\u00e9e (ou presque, les portions \u00e9tant g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses) M\u00eame son pudding ch\u00f4meur battait mon cheesecake. \nMais bon, avec une facture de $175 (incluant 1 bouteille de vin et pourboire), on s'attend \u00e0 un peu plus. \nJe n'ai aucun probl\u00e8me avec ce genre de facture, mais j'ai besoin d'avoir un effet wow!\n\nFinalement, et c'est ce qui sauve l'exp\u00e9rience et qui me d\u00e9chire quant \u00e0 l'attribution du nombre d'\u00e9toile, c'est le service. \nImpeccable, extraordinaire, du d\u00e9but \u00e0 la fin. Le serveur et les serveuses ont fait pour moi la diff\u00e9rence. Que ce soit dans l'accueil, dans le service et dans toutes les attentions lors du repas, ils ont \u00e9t\u00e9 bien au del\u00e0 de ce que l'on peut s'attendre d'un bon service. L'une d'elle s'est m\u00eame rendu compte que nous avions de la difficult\u00e9 avec le vin et nous as propos\u00e9 de le changer avant m\u00eame que nous le demandions. \nDonc voil\u00e0, quelle note donne-t-on??? Si c'\u00e9tait pour la nourriture, je donnerais un 2. Pour le service, un 5. \n\u00c0 mon humble avis, je crois qu'une r\u00e9vision du menu pourrais changer drastiquement l'\u00e9valuation que j'en fais. Avec un service pareil, et une table qui s'\u00e9leverait un peu, Vallier deviendrais un des grands j'en suis s\u00fbre. Surtout qu'il est situ\u00e9 dans un quartier vraiment agr\u00e9able.
We ordered many dishes. All were good. Nothing great. Enjoyed the food regardless.
Well, I have to respectfully disagree with the previous two reviews for #1 Brothers.  I live nearby and anytime I have ordered their pizza or food for that matter I haven't been disappointed.  The food has always been ready on time and they will even cook it a little longer  to get the more well done crust, which I like.  I will agree that some of the toppings may be canned, olives and mushrooms, but it has always tasted fine.  This is a good place for a few pizzas for watching a game or just spur of the moment.  The only draw back is that they don't deliver and are closed on Mondays.
Let's face it - with as many as four dogs, you don't always cut their hair yourself.  Heck, with one dog you don't always cut their hair yourself.  Truth be known, we don't actually have to cut all their hair.  We really just had one who had to be cut by someone else.\n\nHe was so big, and his hair would get so matted that it was virtually impossible for us to do it.  So we needed help.  That's when we called on A Dog's Best Friend.  We did take another of our dogs there a couple of times, but she was smaller, and so we'd typically do her hair ourselves.\n\nThe others either didn't need cutting - ever - or are so small that it's just not worth it.  But for the larger dogs that take too long or are too difficult for us to control?  It's absolutely worth having someone else do.  That's when you need a professional, and they take care of them.\n\nOn the down side of things, they are a bit pricey.  For a bath and a cut (or a cut and a bath, I have no idea which order they do it), it would be $70, and that was some time ago.  It's nice to not have to do it, but we couldn't afford to do it very often.  Great job, he looked great, but man that was expensive!
I had dinner here on Father's Day, expected it to be busy but it wasn't. Therefore the waiter came up to us about 15 + times during the meal and the busser cleaned and brought new plates and forks almost every 15 minutes. The food was debatable. My pasta dish was mediocre but my mother's fish dish was delicious. The calamari was also good and the tomato and mozzarella salad with frisee was also very delicious. All in all the food was OK and the service wasn't bad but it just got annoying. This place is not on my list of places to go again..
This is the perfect place to go before a show downtown. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant in particular the upstairs space. It has a lofty, cozy feel.  Great place for drinks or and event (can rent the upstairs space).  My last visit was for a working business meeting.  Glad we made reservations for it was busy on a Friday evening. I ordered the roast beef sandwich which was very tasty and flavorful.  I love that you have a variety of options for a side and they do not charge you extra. I picked my favorite, mashed potatoes.  A colleague ordered the pesto pasta dish which looked delicious.  We didn't order drinks but in past visits they have a really nice variety of beer and I tried the Banana Bread beer (available in bottles) which is so tasty!! My only complaint was that it took a while for the waitress to take our orders and bring out the checks but it was very crowded with large parties. We stayed at our table after dinner to finish up some work and they did not mind which was great!
The concept around this restaurant is very cool and different.  The quality of the food is great and you get to watch the chefs prepare most dishes right in front of your while you wait.  Any of the pasta items are wonderful.\n\nThe place is slammed during lunch.. go at 11:30 to avoid the rush if you're in a hurry.\n\nThe reason this is 3 stars and not 4 or 5 stars.  It's ridiciulously overpriced.  You're going to pay $13, $14 or even $15 for a pasta lunch.  While the food is amazing, it's not really worth cost.
Went here for lunch today to meet a colleague.  I ordered the Burger with Cheddar Cheese & Jalapenos with a side of Fries.  The food came out fast and as ordered.\n\nThe Burger was good....not great.  The Fries were outstanding.  The service was good and my meeting went well.\n\nOverall it was a good experience, but for $14 I've had better Burgers.\n\nWill I return?  I usually have business lunches here because of it's proximity to the Strip & Convention Center.....so I will probably return.  I wouldn't take the family here for dinner....just not good enough for the price in my opinion.
This was just ok.  Nothing really special about them.  I ordered korean beef short robs combo that came with shredded pork loin, egg quiche,  and pork egg rolls.  Overall..just ok. The shredded pork was good but had a weird grain or texture that I couldn't figure out.  My boyfriend ordered beef pho...it was good. Thw soup had good flavor.\nNot the best in town...my favorite is still Pho Saigon 8.
Last night a few of us did our newly appointed, Friday night shenanigans.  Tonight we came to Sweet Tomatoes because of the value and location.  Salad, soup and dessert bar was about $10.99.  Now this place wouldn't be the first choice when I think of great grub, but my decision was out numbered.  Here's what I thought:\n\nAMBIANCE:  The place is like a buffet joint.  You walk in, grab your tray and plate and then you start building your salad.  The decor isn't something to be excited about.  This place tries to fill a lot of people in a such a small space so there's not much of privacy, even at your table.  \n\nFOOD:  Although the ingredients are super fresh, the salad bars were sloppy and food was everywhere.  I also appreciate that there's a huge selection of salad fixings, however, I can't stand the fact that places like Sweet Tomatoes tries to upsale and already high priced buffet with \""premium toppings,\"" like chicken or artichokes.  C'mon!  Get out of here with that.  Like any other buffet out there, it should be included.\n\nI thought their premade Chinese chicken salad tasted good.  It was sweet and offered great texture with the won tons.  The Dill Potato Salad was really bland and not too good.  When it came to the soups, I loved the clam chowder and turkey chili.  I also love the fact that they have an area with all the possible toppings for your soup.  Remember that when you come here, do not miss out on the pizza type bread they have there.  It's located between the pasta and the soups.  SOOOO GOOOD!!\n\nApril, apparently, was their \""Lemon month.\""  They served things like lemon muffins, a lemon pasta with capers and lemon molten lava cake.  The molten cake was way too tart for my taste buds.\n\nLastly, for dessert, I LOVE and LOOK FORWARD to their soft served ice cream.  You can choose to put your ice cream in a bowl or small cones.  They also have caramel or chocolate sauce and a bunch of toppings.  YUM-O.  Last night, I think I actually got full from all the desserts they have.\n\nAll in all, I think this place is alright.  In a city filled with buffets, many of which are worth the price, unfortunately, I don't think Sweet Tomatoes fits in that same value.  If you're looking for a salad buffet joint, Sweet Tomatoes is a great option.  Just be sure to come early because parking is very limited!
A must-see if you're in Edinburgh for an extended amount of time, considering the city was built around the old castle. However, as a student, I found it quite dull after a while, but resisted the urge to leave early and powered through (mostly due to the guilt I felt about paying so much for a ticket and audio guide). It's beautiful and historical and cool, but I would just assume exploring grass market and seeing the castle in it's magnificent glory from below.
After a very long couple of nights in Vegas, we ambled into the Binion's Cafe when we saw all the signs hanging outside advertising some super cheap grub.  Well, once we get in there we realize that super cheap grub isn't as enticing as we thought  AND all the breakfast stuff was actually pretty expensive (I had no idea those prices were if you had the Binion card which I never saw posted anywhere, just read it on Yelp!)   Regardless, this place was hard on our already nauseous and fatigued bodies.  The water was sweet for some reason, the soup had the strangest looking chunks, the potato salad looked so unappetizing that my friend had to cover it with a napkin to eat her grilled cheese.  Despite the whole place just exuding an unappetizing air, my eggs and bacon were fine (hashbrowns were pretty bad though.)  Lots of toast, cheap Vegas breakfast places hook you up hardcore on the toast.   I also couldn't tell why some things were served in plastic (salad, soup) but some things on a real plate (my breakfast.)  It was almost worth eating here because we've gotten alot of laughs from discussing how grossed out we were by that meal (partially because of the place itself and partially because we were hung the fuck over.)
Service was great and I like the atmosphere but I wouldn't say it's anything special (except for the the shakes and meatloaf - fit for the gods for sure!).
Fall in love with the food everytime I eat here!
I really can't complain since we got an excellent bargain off of hotwire ($31/night), but if I had to pay the original prices based off of the hotels website, I think my review would be much more critical. The hotel lobby and casino are nicely kept, a bit smokey but what Las Vegas hotel isn't. The room size itself was adequate and the bed was comfy.  Very simple, no coffeemaker or refrigerator in the room.  The walls needed a bit of repair, some faded wall spots were very apparent and our bathroom door would not close.  Called maintanence but they did not show up the whole weekend we were there to fix it.  I would rate this hotel a 3/5 and would say it's more of a 3 star than 4 star.  Would stay again if I receieved the same deal.  I would also ask to stay in the Paradise Tower because it's closer to main entrance.  The Club Tower is quite a walk. Lastly, this hotel is one of the south end hotels and adjacent from the MGM.  It is a bit far from the middle of Las Vegas BLVD where all the action is.
My first time at Rosati's and my feelings about this place while generally positive are very mixed. We arrived one hour after they opened and my son and I were the only customers. Normally, this is a red flag for me but since I hadn't eaten here before I decided I would just proceed with caution...\n\nOur waitress was very friendly and courteous which is a big deal for me. Having a great server can make or break my opinion on a restaurant no matter how good the food might be. But as more people trickled in she started getting really lax with our service. We ordered an appetizer which was a garlic bread with spinach, tomato, & cheese. For our main course I ordered a chicken sandwich and my son had a child's cheese pizza. We were the only customers in the place so I figured we would not have any problems with getting our food quickly or our drinks running dry. I was wrong...\n\nPeople filed into the place and browsed the menu, got their drinks, and placed their orders but my son and I? We were left wanting...\n\nI finally just had to ask the waitress if we could have some more water she made some offhand comment about not being able to tell if our drinks were full. I thought \""hmm, come check in with us and I'll tell you.\"" She came over after about 15-20 mins to tell us that \""someone\"" turned off the oven or something and that our app was going to come out with the rest of the food. When it all finally got there it was delicious and hot but alas I'm deeply opposed to being served massive portions of food. My son's child size pizza was so large it could have fed the both of us! Had I known about the portion size I could have just ordered that and saved $13 dollars. We left with over full bellies (since saying no to large amounts of good food is difficult) and with enough food for another complete meal. \n\nLike, I said I'm torn about this place. Great food, okay service, and I'll probably go back. If your watching your waist or want to save a buck share a single dish. Trust me it will be enough!
i came here for my 21st. i had a really good time! the decor is really nice and the music is usually hip hop. i'm not a fan of hip hop really, but they played britney a couple times which had me really excited!\n\nthe other side however, piranha, i would give 4 stars. i spent most of my time there, because the music was better (besides britney), it was a little bit less crowded and seemed to have better ventilation. :D
Service was a little slow, but there was only one person working. Weird set up with the coffee condiments right at the pay counter, and I think that slows the process. My Americano was perfect, but the atmosphere and the place was a little, well, off. Maybe it was the trash and paper products on the floor, or maybe it was the aforementioned condiments on the counter, or maybe it was the slowness of the transaction. I'd need to try it again to see if the place grows on me.
I returned and tried the liverwurst on white bread again.\n\nTOO MUCH LIVERWURST.\nSigh.\n\nI feel bad wasting so much.  I wish they had half portions available.
Food was OK.  I had the enchiladas and they were good. The rice was also great. the chips and salsa were horrible in m opinion. The salsa was slightly sweet and the chips were a mixture of different types of chips. While this was unique.. it wasn't good. On the flip side my food came out in about 5 minutes. My server was good also.
The shape of the hotel is cool, the workers are nice and it's not expensive. I did not like how it was a far walk from the elevator to the room. The hotel is old so it has a weird smell to it, even the towels had a weird smell.
Definitely not the best Vegas has to offer. Everything is just so-so, but the bottomless mimosas are an intriguing option. The selection isn't as vast as Wynn, but considering the cheaper price, I guess that's acceptable.
Food was good.  Service was mixed.  Wierd interaction with a bartender who said the place had nothing to do with San Francisco.  All the marketing in the hotel seemed to lend itself that way.
The atmosphere is conducive to getting in a good workout. I appreciate that! A group of guys were having the weirdest steam room ritual I've ever seen. A group of 10 guys (sausage fest) would stand or sit for 5 min till a sweat was worked up, then they'd take a walking lap around the pool then back in the sauna. Ooook I guess they were tryna do something! It was weird but motivational. I was inspired to go hard on my workout, so that's what matters. The staff wasn't overly friendly. No greetings or offerings of help, directions or assistance. Oh well.
This is now Dilon's---a BBQ joint with decent food. Their sauce lacks punch (the Cajun is spicy but just nasty) but the service was very good and the burnt ends where delicious as always. The beans are a particular treat compared to some other BBQ places.
This is for the express side only\n\nWe ordered the vegetable slice and the hawaiian. The toppings were really scarce and the vegetable slice I got had one piece of sausage on it. I'm not a vegetarian so I didn't mind but I can see this being a problem for someone who is.\n\nThe crust is actually not bad but overall the food was just \""Meh\"" \n\nI did like the fact that the caesar salad came with broccolini which I haven't seen before. I always like more vegetables in my salads so this was a welcomed addition.\n\nIt will do if you want something quick and cheap(er) - but other than that there is no reason to come here.
There aren't that many places in the area for takeout that's American food.  Native New Yorker is usually my default take out for wings when I don't feel like cooking because of its location.  I have to say I'm a bigger fan of Wing Stop.\n\nCons:\n-The wings are hit or miss.  Sometimes they  can be soggy with no crunch and depending on the cook the sauces can be thin or too saucy.\n\n-The price is a tad too high.  There are wing specials but during times that are odd.\n\nPros:\n-  Takeout is quick\n\n-  The staff is always super nice\n\n-  The salads are getting better and taste great.\n\n-  There is outdoor seating.
Mary Coyle is some pretty good ice cream. i would write a longer review, but the history has been covered, and the atmosphere. \n\ni would like this place more, but purchasing ice cream to go afew times i have noticed i need to let it thaw for a month before i can actually eat it. it's frozen that hard. other then that this place is pretty cool. :P
I really like the atmosphere of this pub when we first went there.  I liked how small and intimate it was.  I like dark, candle lit bars.  It just makes me feel a little more cozy. Unfortunately, the service was a bit lacking.  It took about 10 minutes to get a beer (on several occasions) when there was hardly anyone there, and they charged us twice for 2 single Jameson's. We didn't catch this until we had gotten home. It's not that big of a deal, but considering we went on a night when it wasn't that busy, you think they would be paying more attention to what was going on in front of the bar (i.e. people waiting for drinks) and behind the bar (i.e. getting someone's tab right) I have a feeling we'll be going back. It was a great time regardless, but I guess there are some things that just leave a bad taste in your mouth.  We'll be going back though. ;)
I love their iced hazelnut lattes but it was the most expensive coffee I ever bought. I was expecting it to be under $4 but $5.37 for a medium? No thanks
This is like most cookie cutter Chinese Buffets. Some are better than others. This one falls in the bottom half of those that I have been to. The sushi was tasty and seemed to be fresh. There was not a large selection and those that were available only had a few pieces of each. The rest of the food was generally forgettable Probably not on my try it again list.
Good but not great food, drinks are 4 oz / $10 - tasty but disappointing, great atmosphere, trendy food, the chopped salad was good!!
Well I heard the food was good here so a couple friends and I decided to give it a shot. \n\nWe had sat down and got situated. We started off by ordering some fried pickles and they were a lot better than expected. Can't say the same for the worthless biscuits that they only gave us 2 of. \n\nWell then after waiting a bit we got our food. But after a wave of servers went around trying to figure out what goes to what table. Is this their first shot at the restaurant business, is there no order to what food goes where. \n\nUpon getting our food, seemed our expectations were just too high. It was good but nothing spectacular. The food must have sat under a heat lamp for some time, our gravy was dried, my meat was dried out. \n\nAll in all I would say go just a little further for a better place with better service at Famous Dave's. The service at Lucille's is just not on par. The servers are under trained and just can't handle the load.
Service was excellent. I only got the walnut shrimp and brown rice and started with the hot and sour soup. Very tasty. Green tea was so soothing. Would go again.
Food was pretty good, service was poor. Server didn't bring what was asked for and tried to charge us for an appetizer we didn't order. He didn't seem to care about our dining experience which is unfortunate when spending $50 for lunch (without any alcohol). Don't think we'll go back. True Food is so close and SO much better!
After all the rants and raves I have heard about Nellos, I was sadly disappointed. This place had been made out to be one of the best pizza places in Ahwatukee. I started off the meal with a basic dinner salad with the house dressing and ordered a veggie thin crust pizza. The dressing is delicious, and I would definitely consider buying a bottle of it to keep at home.However as our pizza arrived, I saw the first hint that this pizza place was not going to live up to its reputation. First of all, I ordered a thin crust pizza, however, my pizza looked as if it was just regular crust. The pizza itself wasn't bad- fresh ingredients, good amount of cheese and toppings, but the sauce could use a little more basil or oregano. I was thoroughly unimpressed. My boyfriend ordered a deep dish pizza, and suffice to say, it wasn't really deep dish. It looked like regular pizza just with super high pizza crust walls. The topping and the flavors were good, but the deep dish pizza wasn't really filled enough to be considered deep dish.  The food simply just didn't live up to countless good reviews I had heard about it before.
Not too many decades ago, Nevada was the main U.S. test site for nuclear weapons.  Above ground explosions could sometimes be seen from Las Vegas (makes the Mirage volcano seem kind of wimpy).  The Atomic Testing Museum has loads of information about this era.  It's a very strange place, but is also very interesting and informative.  Make sure to see the Ground Zero Theater, which \""mimics a concrete bunker and features a large screen show that includes the history of test effects from a variety of viewpoints.\""
The only reason for me coming here was that it was open very late. The food was decent for the most part, but I don't see anything about the place that stands out. The rib eye steak that comes in one of the breakfast entrees with eggs was a bit smaller than I thought it would be. Maybe the steak shrinks the later it gets in the day...
Getting in is easy but getting out is a major cluster.  If you are dining in it's easier to park closer to Harris Teeter and walk across the lot than use Smash's little lot and fight for the light when you leave.\n\nBurgers are good and come in regular or \""big\"" sizes.  The classic smash is tasty.  Fries come in plain or \""smash\"" seasoned.  The veggie fries are not my thing, just taste like half-cooked greasy carrots and string beans.\n\nThe organization inside is bewildering.  You're forced to enter one way and exit another which really doesn't help anything.  If there isn't an expediter at the pickup window, which is apparently often, it's like fighting through a pool of piranhas to get your food when it's called.  \n\nThe kitchen is not great at special requests like \""hold the onions\"" and \""no cheese\"" so it's better to order something simpler and add on special items you want.\n\nBut all in all not bad food and I would brave it again to give them another chance.
Better than subway by slicing the meats  though didn't impress me and tasted subway qualitywise.   Not bad, though nothing special. The bread tasted like subway, the meat was very fatty, and they weren't generous with meats.   I got a ham and swiss, and the cheese had no taste.
Yeah I don't know what happened here.\n\nI got tacos, and it was really underwhelming. I was let down.  Its like getting to go on a date with someone REALLY REALLY HOT that you were REALLY INTO, and then you find out they are boring.  :(\n\nIt's just okay.  How can you not love tacos?  You can't mess up a taco.  But given all the hot fuss about the taco truck I thought my mind was going to be blown.  Perhaps it was the fact I waited 45 minutes in line (we were at an event, in fairness) for my carne asada with kimchee taco.\n\nIt was just okay.  So I might try the taco truck again as it is parked next to my office building, beckoning me even though I just had lunch because I love tacos JUST THAT MUCH.  But I'm not going to actively seek it out.\n\n3 stars because they have Cherokee Red.  LOVES me some Cherokee Red!
in & out.\ngreat price, cheap burger, fast service, made to order, animal style, etc. Close to the strip and its really good!
Four stars for the hotel: our room was spacious, clean, and well-stocked, but very far from the elevator.\n\nTwo stars for the casino: too spread out, the ashtrays on the blackjack tables rarely got cleared.\n\nThree stars for the pool: lots of chairs, well-signed, and a delightful place to eat called the Cabana Cafe.\n\nThree stars for the restaurants: is it too much to ask to have more than one place to get some sit-down breakfast besides a $25 buffet or a Rainforest Cafe? Feh.\n\nFree wi-fi is a nice touch, assuming you wouldn't rather use the gym.
I'm a little obsessed with poutine, ever since having it in, of all places, Chicago.  So when I heard that La Banquise had the best poutine in Montreal, it made my list for \""must eat\"" destinations.\n\nUm, this is not the best poutine in Montreal.  In fact, I was only able to get poutine twice while in Montreal (I mean, there's only so much gravy soaked fries and cheese curds one girl can eat) and this was the second best.\n\nI ordered the poutine with peppers and onions because I like to try to kid myself that I'm eating semi-healthy.  Veggies help with this illusion.  The poutine is a little pricey at $8-$9 or so, but not too bad.  If you're dining alone, definitely get the regular.  The large is enormous.  Though this poutine was fine, I actually preferred the cheaper yet similarly sized pepper and onion poutine at Patati Patata.\n\nI was able to sit on the patio in the back, which was very nice and the staff was friendly but overall, I wouldn't go out of my way to grab poutine at La Banquise while in Montreal.
It is nice market, offering unique items and the coffee is fairly solid.  Nice place to relax but the breakfast is forgettable.
There is nothing wrong with Diego, but there's nothing that really sets it apart, either. \n\nThe service was friendly, and they bring you chips and salsa right away, always a plus. The salsa was smoky and had some heat that sneaks up on you. \n\nChicken empanadas for a starter; tasty, moist chicken on a bed of guacamole. Not a huge portion, so you may want to get multiple apps if you're really hungry. \n\nChili Colorado and Pollo Mole for dinner, both were prepared and presented nicely, and no complaints about the flavors, but like everything on the menu they're things I can get just about anywhere. \n\nWe shared a pitcher of sangria, which was excellent, and we skipped dessert. \n\nThere aren't too many great Mexican places in Vegas, so it's a bit of a shame to see this place get right to edge of being great and not quite get there. \n\nPS: three stars to me is a good restaurant.
Si vous voulez l'ambiance chaleureuse de la Bretagne, ok! Si vous voulez retrouver certains \u00e9l\u00e9ments de cette r\u00e9gion, ok! Ils ont mis le paquet sur la d\u00e9coration, je suis d'accord et je trouve \u00e7a tr\u00e8s esth\u00e9tique. Bon les paquets d'oeufs vides qui recouvraient tout le plafond du resto est \u00e0 discuter, mais bon ;) Quoi qu'il en soit dans la forme, c'est ok. \n\nCependant, c'est dans le fond que le b\u00e2t blesse. Les cr\u00eapes sont bonnes, mais rien de transendant. Elles sont tr\u00e8s fines et croustillantes comme elles doivent l'\u00eatre, mais elles n'ont pas tellement le go\u00fbt de sarrasin... Le cidre... hum... j'ai connu mieux. Je vais \u00eatre tatillonne, mais le cidre n'\u00e9tait pas servi dans un bollet. C'\u00e9tait servi dans un verre de vin classique. Donc \u00e7a cassait un peu la tradition et le fait de se plonger compl\u00e8tement dans l'atmosph\u00e8re bretonne. Dommage.\n\nLa cerise sur le g\u00e2teau fut en fin de repas o\u00f9 je me suis rendue compte que la toune qui jouait \u00e9tait de... Nolwenn Leroy! Un \u00e9l\u00e9ment suppl\u00e9mentaire breton dans toute cette atmosph\u00e8re. C'\u00e9tait assez dr\u00f4le de finir le souper de cette mani\u00e8re.
stopped by closing hours on First Friday -\nstunning Tatiana Sorokko exhibit on loan through Jan 2, 2011 - breathtaking pieces: Ralph Chado Rucci burnt rust plumed bolero, Vivienne Westwood \""Storm in a Teacup,\"" Jean Paul Gaultier fishnet/silk chiffon gown, Matsuda wool crepe suit, Yohji Yamamoto, Comme des Garcons. highly recommend.\n\nseems like the museum has a decent roster of ongoing/special events
Got roped into coming here for lunch with a bunch of co-workers...apparently, today is the first day of March Maddness.\n\nIt's a lot classier than I expected; comfortable seating, and actually not nearly as loud as I would have guessed, given the term \""sports bar\"" on the side of the building.\n\nThe glasses for soda and iced tea were huge, and were refilled fairly quickly as we drank them down.  Beers and non-alcoholic drinks came out fast, but the service was kind of slow regarding getting our order taken, and eventually, in getting the checks.\n\nThis place is NOT veggie friendly, and definitely not for my vegan friends.  I had pretty much two choices; make your own pizza, or spinach queso dip. I went with the dip.  Expensive at almost $9? Yes, but it was the perfect amount of food for a main course. I just wish that they had a veggie burger option, because I totally would have loved a burger and fries.\n\n$11.50 for chips, spinach queso and an iced tea...a little steep to me.  Would I come here again? Maybe -- but only for a company bonding, sport watching lunch.
I should clarify that when I said there are what seems to be a lot of patrons who are underage, it is not the fault of the bar or their bouncers, at least from what I can tell.  They ID everyone.  I've been ID'd every time I've come here (as have my friends), and I don't look under 21.  I've also stood near the door and seen the bouncers check everyone.  Those who are underage would be getting in with fake IDs.  Just an update to make sure that part of my prior review didn't sound like I was importing fault on to the establishment for that.
This location is just ok. Set back in a strip mall, I typically prefer the drive thru locations. They don't give me any trouble redeeming coupons, which I appreciate.\n\nThe shop is small and the tables are wobbly so take your food and smoothies to go.
edinburgh is a city blessed with many beautiful scenic areas from parks to extinct volcanos to beaches.  portobello beach is one of those lovely scenic areas that has a mix of victorian granduer and slightly run down modern day arcade parks and play parks.  the mix of these two sort of leaves me with rather mixed feelings about the whole area.\n\ni do like portobello beach.  it has a lovely wide promenade that is great for cycling or running along.  but there are also a number of rather run down looking chip shops and a sad looking arcade and a few play parks that have seen better days.  then there is also the newer cafes that are clearly trying to reinvirgorate portobello's original grandeur.  \n\non those few rare warm and sunny days the beach is packed with families in swim suits building sandcastles and even attempting to swim in the freezing cold water!  the promenade is packed with people with ice creams and cold drinks.  it's a great vibe but i'm not convinced it's my sort of vibe.  so portobello beach is a-ok and a place i will continue to use for cycling or runs, but maybe not somewhere i'll frequent on a sunny day.
Three times I've visited Jerk Hut and from what I can tell, the taste of the food depends on who's cooking that particular day.  \n\nUpon your entrance, you'll see most of the food already cooked and sitting in warmers but they always have newer batches of hot pots on the stove behind the counter in order to replenish the warmers.  They'll also make-to-order for your privilege.  \n\nMy first visit, I got to try the three meat dishes: jerk chicken, curry goat, oxtail stew.\nAll were tasty, but I was partial to the chicken.  It's made mild and offered with much hotter jerk sauce if that's your pleasure.  The steamed veggies tasted good as well and the plantains were delicious.  \n\nUnfortunately, the dessert wasn't like anything I've tasted before and struck out  unpleasantly.   Won't ever ask for dessert again.\n\nJerk chicken - 1\nDessert - 0\n\nMy second visit, I got to the fish: steamed snapper, fried tilapia.  Both were decent dishes.  The snapper was a whole fish made to order and cost \""market price,\"" the tilapia was prix fixe and served as small lightly breaded filets.  \n\nI also requested a veggie stew which the cook made fresh from carrots, cabbage, and coconut milk.  It was creamy, perfectly spicy (not burning), and tasted wonderful.  Home run.\n\nTilapia - 1\nVeggie stew - 1\n\nThe price wasn't so wonderful though.  I asked to substitute stewed veggies for the prepared steamed veggie side.  Nope - apparently we were on different menus, I was later told that the stew is a separate dish.  So I gave up $20 for the tilapia and veggie stew.  It's all right though, I made two meals out that portion.  Leftovers were even more yummy the next day.\n\nLesson noted: get a price quote before making substitutions.  The guy behind the counter will say, \""I'll take care of it\"" and by the time he's rung up your bill, you're like - HOW MUCH?!\n\nFood on the third visit to Jerk Hut Jamaican Grille was not good at all.  I noticed a different cook and was hesitant, but I manned-up and ordered take out anyway.  Veggie stew and plantains please.  \n\nI was given extra plantain wedges this time which would usually make me jump for joy, because the fruit is one of my fave foods.  But when I got home, one bite in and, yuck.  Those wedges were soggy, greasy, gelatinous things.  \n\nIt seems they had used sweet ripe plantains and overcooked them.  (In my opinion, sweet ripe plantains should be baked, leave the frying for the unripe starchy ones.)  Like any other food that's overcooked, the plantains grew less and less appealing every minute they sat in the warmer.  I did not eat them.\n\nOn to the stew.  First look - the carrots and cabbage were covered in clumps of butter and coconut milk and I couldn't even bite into it yet.  It took a couple of rinses under the tap to get the clumps out, but so went a lot of the flavor too.  \n\nPlantains - 0   \nVeggie Stew - 0
I am rating the party package which was the best price in town because it included the food. My daughter and get guests had a great time! They package also includes two laser tag games. Other than the laser tag, the \""game\"" room was rather small with a limited amount of games and activities; which also serves as a dining room (2 tables) for other patrons. The host was great and the food was okay. They do everything for you, which allows the parents to enjoy the party. My complaint is the time, we we're on a scheduled. The party was only for 1 hour and 45 minutes; therefore everything seemed rushed. The last 20 min were used to sing Happy Birthday, cut the cake AND open gifts. It felt rushed and this should be at least 2 hours minimum, but 2 1/2 would be more than enough.
The Sauce on the gnocchi was delicious (pork, veal, beef - how can you go wrong), but the gnocchi wasn't as firm as I liked. The SO had Scarpollini (sp) and she loved it (that is her favorite Italian Dish). Tasted the chicken in it and it was pretty dang tasty.\n\nThis is classic italian food.
The Cortez Room has been serving up reasonably priced prime rib for years.\n\nThe prime rib is consistently good. It comes with sourdough bread, soup or salad, and your choice of potato.\n\nMy family enjoys coming here for special occasions. It's not my favorite place, but it's pretty decent.
It's Buffalo Wild Wings, what can I say.\n\nGood wings, big bar, many TVs.  Service was good, beer was cold, and food came out in a timely manner.  We used to live in Surprise and were happy to see this franchise come closer to Phoenix.  Good place to catch a game or a UFC fight.
This place has moved and is not at the address above anymore.  I always enjoyed going there prior for the excellent work, especially considering the price.  The new digs are nicer and the prices are a little higher.  I have always gotten good facials here.  I will return as needed for facials.\nHowever, I didn't have a good experience for scheduling for laser treatments, so I cannot give the place and overall great rating.  In addition, once, my daughter came and had her brows waxed and the job was horrible, with an uneven result, as the instructor did one eye brow and the studen the other.  The student butchered my poor daugher's brow.  I called to complain and got a complimentary facial, but it didn't make up for my daughter's experience.\nThat said, they are great 99% of the time on the facials.
The Flamingo is almost historic. With that said I liked the Flamingo. It was a little old which made some of it feel run down compared to others out there but you just have to remember that it is older if not one of the first. My friend did not seem to enjoy its charm like I did saying it was too dirty and she will not return there. The beds were clean but like I said everything was just older. Every employee I spoke to was really nice. It is right on the strip. They have great shops inside their hotel which is nice. Plenty of parking and it is not massively huge like the other hotels. I did not get a chance to experience the pool but hopefully I will some day. The prices for per night were very reasonable especially for being on the strip. We only did a bit of gambling here because I spent most of my time in the TCBY - heck yeah. \n\nSo if you are not all concerned about the age of the hotel or having the check in counters made out of marble and are looking for a good deal on the strip then I say give this place a try. Alot of good restaurants and gambling. Plus it is Vegas so you are never really in your hotel room to began with.
Super fresh food but the line is too long for a quick-service restaurant and ordering my food was kinda a hassle because the menu is like over your head; it's hard to see.  It's like they tried to copy Chipotle but offer better quality food.
Star is littered with t shirts that reference popular culture, with the odd tourist hoodie thrown into the mix.\n\nWith the Robert Pattinson poster peeking over their dressing room doors and hoodies covered in green skeletons, this is definitely a store for the young scene shopper. There's a lot of low priced gimmicks and 80s style bubblegum shirts that all seem geared at the tween age group.\n\nThey have a decent seleciton for girls and guys, with the guys range veering towards \""lazy student\"" slogans while the girls t shirts lie in either Camp Jacob or Edward.\n\nThey have some loud plastic jewellery for kids, bags and really cute Japanest starry earmuffs if you're feeling the cold. So although it's aimed at a younger audience, occasionally you can find a gift for a friend. I bought an awesome pair of legwarmers in here once which I loved, but admittedly I wouldn't wear them now since I feel like I'm too grown up to be lurid.\n\nI came across a Barbie Is A Slut t shirt in Star the other day which I thought was a bit dated and naff, but then I embarrassingly remembered I used to own one...! So while my slander of Barbie's good name is laid to rest I'd recommend this shop to teens. And they did have some cool Transformers hoodies for big kids who don't have to grow up just yet...
I like the fried chicken here.  Not so much other dinner items.  Breakfasts are probably stronger here regarding flavor.  I noticed you can get the Monte Cristo sandwich here, but it's not something I've tried----that should give you some idea of the kind of place it is.  (Only diners serve Monte Cristos, right?)  Service is adequate, not great.  The booths are comfortable and the place is clean....
Very good food. ... Sometimes the meat is better than other times. ........\n....\n\n....................\n...................................\n\n................................
I used to love coming here for pedicures. I have got my nails done several times too.  If you don't mind waiting long and being told inaccurate times then this place is good for pedicures. I would go somewhere else for nails.  Every time I left a day later my nail would chip or break.  I have decided now to go across the street. I haven't had any issues there.
Stayed here this past weekend while in Vegas for a friend's birthday. Our suite was A1, 5 stars all the way. However, I was not feeling the \""MTV Spring Break\"" vibe throughout the rest of the hotel. I mean, my goodness! It was just a bit too much young, immature, foolishness  going on in this place. All the \""WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!\"" screaming for absolutely no reason at all, just happy to be drunk I guess. Whatever. It's unfortunate because like I said, the suite was spectacular (floor to ceiling windows throughout, beautiful decor, modern and sleek, etc) but I can't stand the crowd that this place attracts so I won't stay here again (unless they have the absolute cheapest room rate in town which is highly unlikely).
In a word... underwhelmed. I came in here with high expectations, though, so it's not really fair.\n\nThe portion sizes were massive, the drinks were good... but I was definitely underwhelmed by the quality of the BBQ... to the point that I didn't finish my meal, and it wasn't because I wasn't hungry.\n\nMaybe I hit this place on an off day. It's worth eating at, but I don't get the hype of the \""OHHHHH MY GOD I CAME MYSELF FROM EATING HERE.\""
The food here is good, but not great. This is the second branch opening, food is very flavorful, but some things like the garlic aioli are pretty heavy and oily. Great if you like that kind of food but not great if you don't, they have lots of small accompaniments which are pretty good.
Well decorated modern and spacious rooms with kitchenettes and views of the strip. We booked this place through our favorite name-your-own-price website for $80 which made our stay sweeter. The pool was great for my kids. The hotel is right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall. Overall the hotel was nice, but not at rack rate. I'd much rather stay elsewhere.
On good days their great on bad days, yuck. Wish they can be consistent!
mmmmmmmm. i shouldve stayed in the main room.  i made the mistake of staying in that dinky little house music room cuz i LOOOOVE HOUSE. \n\nthe experience was overall BAD.  at like, 1:30am the dj stopped playing and there was SILENCE. really awkward.  they couldnt play until the band that was playing was done..... that's when i left.  it was JAM PACKED on monday (which is industry night) and it seriously took 20 minutes to get out.  a reaaaaaaaaaaaaaal fire hazard, if you ask me! it looks so much better in Neyo and NKOTB's Single music video.. but again, everything looks better on camera.  \n\noh and i forgot to mention, the DRINKS ARE WEAK. WOW. how did they manage to make a drink weak AND make it taste bad. im stumped. \n\nbut the admissions was FREE!! they were giving out free passes for ladies... ahhh... sometimes it's GREAT being a female! :D
Coming from the US and a city where the cinema is a psychiatric overdose of people (and obnoxious teenagers), I have always preferred the less flashy, smaller movie theater.  At the suggestion of a friend, I went to this one with my pals to the Odeon and found it efficient/effective albeit a tad sterile in environment.  \n\nAdmissions is \u00a36.60 (student rate) and \u00a38.80 (regular tickets) - big plus:  no lines, friendly service with a smile, and there's a Ben Jerry's for you to sweeten your teeth before heading downstairs down the grand staircase where an usher directs you to the proper screening room.  There's about 6 different screens and crowds don't seem to be an issue here.  Seats are comfy.  Note to Americans - this theater (and perhaps many other theaters) does not serve concessions like popcorn, soda, nachos, etc.. not that one's bum or heart needs such stuff.\n\nI'd say this is the place to watch a film if you don't want/need to flashy decorations associated with larger cineplexes. 3.5 stars.
Yes, the facilities are pretty nice and the staff is kind, but we're in Vegas, and if I'm paying to go to a spa, I want some top-notch services.\n\nI got the french manicure here, and I was not impressed.  My nails had already chipped by the day's end and within the next day or two, the top coat peeled off. Although the ambiance is nice and the private room they take you into will not smell like acetone, I'll endure the loud Asian women and chemically smell if that means a better-looking manicure for a cheaper price.
Overall, at Monterey Bay, you're paying for the exquisite view and stellar service that you are receiving.  \n\nDrinks run about 10 -15 dollars.  As an app my lovely boyrfiend, Ryan B, ordered the Ichiban - 2, yes only 2, skewers of various fish cooked in a terryaki liked glaze.  Not bad...overpriced at $14.  Next, the lobster bisque.  Biggest upset of the year 2010.  Well presented, bisque poured over a chunk of lobster claw - however, the soup was cold and more like Cambell's tomatoe with some chives in it.  \n\nSalads were next - loaded with way too much vinaigrette, a very Asian feel with crispy noodles and a gingery taste.  Ask for dressing on the side.  The bread is amazing, though!\n\nRyan's entree was a flash fried ahi steak, stuffed with spicy crabmeat and coated in penko.  Only one bite truly was spicy.  It was over a bed of rice - however, they called it couscous, and ONE head of bokchoy.  Also, a bit cold for my liking.  ($45!!! OMG)\n\nI ordered red snapper prepared Oscar style stuffed with crabmeat.  Not bad at all!  Green beans on the side were delicious.  ($33, could have whipped this up at home for about $10.)\n\nSampled the calamari - very good, a great app for a group.  Crabcake was great too - but, best crabcake in Pittsburgh can be found at Willow in the North Hills!  \n\nI would recommend drinks and apps here with out of towners.  Know in advance it is a lot of money for a restaurant whose view does not compare with its food.
He's like the soup nazi on Seinfeld he's rude to the customers but they keep coming back for the food, I get the italian beef with mozzarella, he charges 50 cents for refills it cost 3 pennies cheapskate only on the strip you can get away with charging drink refills
I am teetering between a 3 and 4 star review and because of the rocky start to our evening, I am going to have to go with the 3 star for the moment.\n\nWhen we arrived on a Thursday afternoon, around 5:30p, this very cute and intimate restaurant was pretty much empty. However, the host asked if we had a reservation (we didn't), and said that he wouldn't be able to seat us because it was 1/2 priced wine night, and they'd fill up. Um..okay.... (looking around empty restaurant)... Well, can we sit at the bar? Long pause. How about outside? They hesitated, but said they'd set up one of the outside tables. That was a process that took awhile. Because it was a bit breezy outside, we asked if they could set up the outdoor space heater. Another process.  That finally being settled, we sat down at the somewhat shaky table.\n\nFrom that point forward, things went well enough. The sangria is delicious and beautifully presented. We ordered the fried avocado, the veggie potstickers and the mango bacon wrapped shrimp. All of these offerings were very good and again, the presentation was lovely. Service was friendly and pleasant. \n\nAs the evening progressed, the wind picked up, and even with the space heater, I was downright cold. I asked our server if it was possible to move us inside to finish. We went inside, and while it was busy, there was a small table right by the bar. She said that the reservation wasn't until 7, so we would have plenty of time to complete our meal. So...why weren't we just seated there in the first place?\n\nThe seating issues did put a bit of a damper on the meal, but I am willing to give Nittaya's another try.
The food here is ok. The Pad Thai wasn't as great as the other Thai places I've had in Henderson. I prefer eating at Bangkok Orchid or Bangkok 9. The portions weren't that big either. I probably would not go back here again. The prices are also too high for the quality and portions that you get at this place compared to others. Nice ambiance though.
I'm rating the hotel as a place to stay 2 stars (poor value) and the service, restaurants, Qua spa and shopping 4 stars (consistently good to excellent quality and decent value for Vegas).\n  \nI just stayed here with some girlfriends for a 3 day weekend.  We loved the location and that Caesar's had so much to offer, but the room was nothing special, and I won't pay full price to stay here again.  The 2 bedroom suite we payed about $1000 a night for (Fri-Sun) was actually a 1 bedroom suite plus an adjoining regular room (a bedroom with a TV and a small bathroom).  It was comfortable, but not impressive.  \n\nCons: The decor was plain and outdated, the TVs were old and crappy and there was no view.  There were Krurig coffee makers in the rooms but you had to pay $12 to get 3 K-cups at the honor bar (getting nickle and dimed while paying $1000 a night to stay here = not cool and not classy!).  There is a fee to use the fitness center ($25 per day), a fee for wireless internet, and the pool was closed despite the weather being perfect for laying out =(.  The hallways smelled of smoke.  There was a mini-fridge stocked with drinks, but no place to keep our own snacks and drinks cold and no microwave.  \n\nPros: The master bathroom was impressive, and the beds were comfy.  The couch was also large and comfy.  They will bring you a mini-fridge on request (we didn't take them up on this, so I don't know if they charge extra for it).
Since the area I live in does not have an ESPN Zone and I am a Sports Fanatic, I try to go to the ESPN Zones that are in the cities I visit.  \n\nAnyhow, it's a decent place but it doesn't blow me away.  Your standard Sports Pub food but it just doesn't have that little extra something to make me go WOW....
I have been wanting to try this restaurant ever since I saw it open up on the strip. I purchased the groupon for $25 for $50 (dinner for two) and was excited to use it during my most recent trip. My boyfriend and I arrived on a Monday night after 7pm and were seated right away outside with a view of the strip. It was awesome to see the Bellagio water fountain show while enjoying our meal. It was such a nice ambiance! Our server, Jennifer was really friendly and knew exactly what the groupon was. My boyfriend ordered the Pasta Carbonara (fettuccine with chicken, bacon and peas in a garlic parmesan cream sauce) and I had the Mediterranean pasta (pappardelle with chicken, sun-dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, feta cheese, artichoke hearts and spinach in an olive oil sauce). Both pastas were just okay - good portion sizes, and I found my pasta pretty salty and spicy (which wasn't described in the menu). We shared a side of garlic bread and my boyfriend had a house margarita - also just okay. We were thinking that we would be just a little bit over $50 with our total bill, however with gratuity, taxes and the CNF fee we ended up paying $23 out of pocket. For the experience of eating with a view of the strip, I'm glad that we ate here, however, everything was pretty average and I feel like it's a little too expensive for what you get.
When it comes to buffets this place certainly lacks variety. You will find your typical sweet & sour this or orange that and not a whole lot else. \n\nBut the service is wonderful. It has a mom & pop kind of feel to the place. The egg drop soup is perfect, not too thin and not too thick. And the prices are low.
This P/F Chang's is located on the casino floor of Plant Hollywood Hotel and Casino. I had never been to a P.F. Chang's before, and wanted to check it out before I left Vegas, so my bf and I had a quick bite to eat here after we checked out, and before we went to the airport.  \n\nThe restaurant was pretty full, but there was plenty of space at the bar, so we sat there.  I ordered the lettuce wraps, and my date the pork dumplings.  These were both pretty good. For entree my bf ordered the Mongolian beef, and I had the dan-dan noodles.  My bf loved his beef, but it was waay too salty for me. I was excited for my dan-dan noodles to come out because that's my favorite food at my favorite  Chinese restaurant back home, but these did NOT deliver, and I was pretty damn sad. :(  I hardly ate any of my noodles.  Sadness.\n\nIt's definitely an Americanized Chinese food place, but they have a wider selection of traditional Chinese dishes, which I appreciated.  I'll prob come back here if I'm staying at Plane Hollywood, but am going to avoid the Mongolian beef and unfortunately my beloved dan-dan noodles. :(
I think the other reviews' take on the decor is a bit much.  it's a basic red checkered tablecloth beneath plastic Italian restaurant.  It was clean if tacky, but hardly worth mocking. \n\nthe staff was very pleasant.  Eggplant parm and spaghetti bolognese were decent.  the pizza was so-so with crust that was not as crisp as you'd like from a wood burning brick oven.  \n\ngood place for kids.
The food here is amazing! It really is a great find and the sushi tastes awesome.... With that... The service is horrible! We come pretty often, but the service is never the best. You come here for the food.\n\nI have spent way too much time waiting for someone to take my order or waiting forever to get a refill for my drink. I have never felt as ignored in a restaurant where the bus boy is better than the actual server who is too busy talking in the back room or just keep walking by your table to check in.
Batalli does meat!\n\nI have been to several Mario Batalli restaurants. So I came in with high expectations. Carnevino was good. The $72 shared ribeye looked like it would make the Flintstones car tip over. It was very nice. So were all the rest of sides and appetizers. Overall, everything was great. It was not outstanding. For the same price I would go to Delmonico or Cut and be blown away. Dont get me wrong, if you want a nice meal, this certainly was a good choice. But it just not wow, especially for that price.
Tried out Viva Las Arepas in Las Vegas since I read good things about it.  And next door is Art of Flavor a gelato place so I wanted to try both.\n\nSince we weren't too hungry we got 1 arepa to share.\n\nRoasted pork butt w/ tomato slices $5 - meat was very salty and dry to me, tomato slices I only saw one tiny slice no flavor.  Put the green sauce which is the spicy one!  Yummy sauce.  Arepa itself was grilled and tasty.  \n\nColita soda - Venezuelan soda smelled and tasted like bubblegum - skip it.\n\nI want to go back to try Black beans & cheese $5 or Vegetarian $5.
Fresh & Easy is one of those places where it is hit or miss. Sometimes the produce are good quality, but I have also wandered through without picking up anything.  Although F&E might not have the best selections all the time, I like some of the harder to find items. Key limes are priced at .99 and can be found throughout the summer. I am a huge fan and will be coming in often to pick up a bag to play around with.
Having worked at a Little Caesar's years ago, I can say that I know what goes on in the back of the restaurant. Here, it seems as though they have a working system in the back with respect to making the pizzas, but customer service is bad. The staff here are more concerned with what's going on after work or who's dating \""so-and-so\"" that the customer is more of an inconvenience than anything. A boost in customer service would do wonders for this place.
The Good: \nThe good thing about this theater is the stadium seating. That is, the seats are placed higher than the seats immediately in front of them, so everyone has unobstructed views of the screen. Although most theaters are going to this style of seating, not all Harkins theaters have done so. Even though there is a theater closer to me (Shea 14), I don't mind driving the extra few miles to get to North Valley just for the comfort of their stadium seating. I especially love getting there early enough to score their front row of their \""balcony\"" seats. These seats offer the added benefit of being able to put your feet up on the front row metal bars. The chairs rock back a little too. The combination of a completely unobstructed view, slightly reclining seats, and being able to put my feet up make it a pretty awesome way to watch a movie on the big screen. \n\nThe Bad: \nThere's something seriously wrong with the concession stand here. I'm not just referring to the outrageous cost of food and beverage. Heaven knows, all theaters have that in common. It seems to me that the employees at this particular concession stand are especially inept. They are slow, they are inefficient, and they are often clueless. I recently gave the employee my \""empty Harkins 2011 refillable value cup\"" and asked for a Diet Coke. He stared at me blankly and asked, \""Did you want the Diet Coke in the cup?\"" Additionally, it seems that the lines take longer than other Harkins theaters I've visited. And it's consistently so, almost to the point of being painful. I'm not talking about a couple of times; it's been bad on at least ten visits. Almost to the point where I either don't buy any concessions because I become too impatient or I just smuggle in my own drinks and treats.
This is the first hot dog on a stick I've been to where they don't freshly squeeze sugar free lemonade for you...and ask you how many Splendas you'd like.  The food court was slow as molasses...but I guess that's just a time saving technique.  \n\nThe hot dog was cooked well...not overly cooked.  Overall, your usual fare.  3 stars.
I am very happy that we have a decent and reasonably priced sushi joint in Scottsdale as an alternative to some of the more expensive yet mediocre options in Old Town. Bei is in a very unimpressive strip mall, yet delivers some good eats in a humble setting (read: not much ambiance). I've had enough good and bad sushi to know that \""atmosphere\"" rarely speaks to the quality of fish or talent of the sushi chef. And I like that this is much more laid back and casual than its neighbors to the north.\n\nHappy Hour is definitely a bargain with a fairly large window from 4-7pm every day and 9pm to close. The sushi choices on discount are plentiful, though the beverage choices could stand a few more options. I like a good Kirin from time to time, but I really wish they had just one or two craft beer choices or perhaps a decent wine option. I do wish I could rave about the food as many 1-time visitors have, but I'm not quite there yet. \n\nThe basic rolls and appetizers are done really well. The spicy tuna/salmon are delicious and we loved the calamari appetizer (though please come up with a better sauce than mayo). Basics are awesome, but I'm always looking for some creative specialty rolls that are decently priced and play on great flavors. The specialty roll selection here is a bit unimpressive. A significant portion of them include \""crab mix,\"" \""spicy crab,\"" or a California roll toped with \""xyz\"" - which we all know is menu-speak for imitation fish + more mayo - and it tastes like it even with quality fish added into/on top of the rolls. The actual fish they serve is wonderful, but why serve so much of it with mock-fish? It's overpowering and distracts from what coule be some very delicious sushi.\n\nThe service was attentive and friendly from both the bar and table perspectives. I will definitely return to Bei and stick with the basic rolls and sashimi for as much Happy Hour love as I can, but I'm hopeful they'll peel away from a the overabundance of crab mix in favor of the lovely fish they serve.
I really, really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately, when I got there at about 4pm, the empanadas had been picked over and there were few left to choose from. We only liked the sweet empanadas, none of the savory ones. The gentleman behind the counter was nice, but flustered and clueless on how to run my debit card thru the reader on the iPad to pay. Due to not so great food and uninviting, tiny space, I'll probably not be going back.
8/06\nBreakfast special- turkey wrap with country potatoes.  Service was a little slow; If I wasn't in a hurry to leave and make it to work on time, the wait wouldn't have been so terrible.  However, once I placed my order in, I swear, it didn't take but two or three minutes for the wrap to arrive.  I didn't know how to react, really.  I was happy that it came out so fast, yet I wondered, am I really getting oven-roasted turkey here, or is it processed?  Oh well...\n\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-good-egg-phoenix-2?select=NhFXFu6lTVY2XNBIMDdIxQ#NhFXFu6lTVY2XNBIMDdIxQ\n\nGood bacon, and loved the ranch dressing, though I'd ask them to go easy on the dressing next time.  Liked the country potatoes that were on the crispier side, which there weren't many of.\n\nFYI, double-stamps on the weekends are back for the summer!
Along with Cartel, this is one of my favorite coffee shops in the area.  It is slightly less hipster and a bit more relaxed than some other places, with good coffee and a wonderful staff.  Comfortable, high ceilings, decent acoustics, and plenty of tables, couches, and chairs to work, chat, or watch.
I love all of the supplies in this place and once again, completely lost my mind when showing for my daughter's Tinker Bell party.  Here in lies the problem, the person blowing up the $20 four foot tall Tinker Bell balloon did a poor job.  She did not fill Tinker's body well.  I bought the balloon at 7 pm Friday night.  By 10 am the next morning, poor Tinker was doubled over.  Her wings were filled well and still floated up, but with Tinker looking at her belly, the balloon did not have the same effect for the party.\n\nBoo!
The sticky rice topped with salmon and a orgasm sauce (or some name as equally banal) was phenomenal. Unfortunately, that was the first dish we ordered, and nothing else lived up to this selection. The rest of what we ordered was fine Japanese small plates - nothing special, but competently done. And at the price point, \""competent\"" is not good enough. The space was nice and modern, but a little cavernous. The service was pleasant. I would not refuse to go back here, yet I would not be the one recommending it.
Todai does have a variety range of food but they all taste just ok.\n\nIf you are in the mood for QUANTITY & VARIETY, then go to Todai.\n\nIf you are the type that prefers quality sushi and rolls without minding small portions, spend the money somewhere else.
I am extremely torn on this one.\n\nOn one hand we tried house made finely well crafted salumi , house baked breads. These are some of the things they do really well in an authentic kind of charming little homey place. These things are clearly five star.\n\nBut if I rate honestly for the dinner at their price point I I feel I had more of a three star experience and I DO NOTE THEY MIGHT HAVE HAD AN OFF NIGHT.\n\nWe had excellent house made salumi and ordered a focaccia to try. These were very good no complaints.\n\nFor dinner I tried the branzino. ($34) It was wood fired grilled. The fish was good and fresh but might have been slightly over done because it was difficult to remove the fish from it's skin. I can't sugar coat this and I have to absolutely honest and say for a $34 dinner they were not on their game with the vegetables. If you take the time to look at my photos I think you would agree. The green beans seemed like canned but might have been fresh and really might have been old and way over cooked. The green beans had the same color as canned green beans and were falling apart all threw the other vegetables. The carrots were firm in the center but the outsides were falling apart too. Now I would be OK with this if this wasn't a $34 dollar dinner. At this price point this meal is pretty equal to what Gianfranco and what Sassi would charge for a similar dinner so I feel my plate and particularly the vegetables should have been a similar quality.\n\nMy husband went with the Veal Chop. ($36) The veal was pounded thin like what you do for Milanese. The veal itself was good until you got to the bone and by the bone you couldn't eat it because it was raw there but if they cooked it more the thin veal would be over cooked. This plate had the same vegetables as mine so I don't need to explain the vegetables because you already heard it.\n\nThis is a very casual place. You order at the counter and a food runner runs your plates out. Our plates got ran to the wrong table before they made their way to us. Nobody checks on you. We waited for a check and I guess the service is European Style so when you feel your done you pay the cashier.\n\nI'll try them again for lunch. For lunch I am certain I will have a four or five star experience but I note for lunch.
It's a Malaysian restaurant that not only serves Malaysian dishes, but also some Thai, Filipino, and even a Korean BBQ dish! I only tried the Malaysian dishes here, so I can't speak for the other ones.\n\nI think their satay is pretty good and their peanut sauce is not bad. I had the prawn mee, but I thought this dish could be improved. It definitely smelled like prawn mee, but when I tasted it, I felt like something was missing. Also, the broth looked really red and spicy, but it actually wasn't spicy at all.\n\nTheir food is actually not that bad, but I wouldn't call it 100% authentic. I think the price is reasonable, but I think their food could be improved a bit to be justified at that price.
It's a fun place to go with a big group of friends. With indoor and outdoor bar seating I really enjoy sitting back on the patio. The blood orange margarita is my most preferable drink. The food there is decent. The service is as well.
Ate lunch here today... pulled pork was excellent, spicy but not too spicy. Really good Parmesan fries. I should have gotten a bigger order of those! The house salad was forgettable though - way too much lettuce and almost nothing else. \n\nThe facility was beautiful, all field stone and dark wood and bright light. I'd eat there again, but it was not over-the-top wonderful.
Visitng the hotel is a great experience while stopping by for some sushi. At kumi you should try tye yellow tail, I have tried albacore sashimi and it so so (kind of pricey)  \nBut i guess that what you when your at the vegas strip. Over all its located by the shops and is a great place for quick sushi. No one checked up on us, or perhaps i should say rachel, while we were sitting down and ordered which was after we got our own menus and chased down the waitress. Its not pleasant to sot wait wait wait and chase down people
This little hole-in-the-wall is a great option for vegetarians, as their many veggie meals are really affordable (starting at $4.99, I believe).\nI was disappointed with the chicken curry; the flavours were pretty 1-dimensional, and there was lots of dairy in the sauce (it was not butter chicken).  I wonder if that's changed under new ownership... I should try it again. \nThe fish & chips is definitely not the best in the city, as is their claim, and for what you get, it's slightly overpriced.  \nThe last time I went, the TV was blaring at a completely ridiculous volume. \nThe decor is pretty rough, but the value for money really helps to make up for this. \nToo bad the original owner's gone, he was really nice!  He gave us free gulab jamun once!
I will definitely be back. The food was good. It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad, either. I will also note that my party and I dined during their first week, so I'm sure kinks were (and still) being worked out.\n\nOccupying a space that was formerly Cafe Montmartre, for those of us who remember, Underground Kitchen has done a *spectacular* job of renovating the space. The decor is very rustic/Scandinavian but still very much modern. It is truly one of the better restaurant interiors in Madison. \n\nWe ordered a cheese plate, which was decent. The portions were scanty, though I shouldn't complain too much. I am a cheese glutton, and also, dare I say, somewhat of an expert. That said, the waitstaff didn't seem to have a clue what the cheeses were, or how to describe them, much less pronounce them. A very, very picky thing to point out, I know. After all, who goes to a restaurant just for the cheeseboard?  But still, this is Madison, Wisconsin, and I expect a little better from our restaurants that claim to be all about local items. \n\nI ordered a kamut salad just, plainly, fell short. The flavors were weak, unbalanced, and frankly out and out lacking. I was quite disappointed. I am a huge fan of kamut, and was excited to see a kitchen working with the weird grain, but I think this needs to go back to the drawing board.\n\nBy the time we arrived, they were out of the entree I ordered, which was disappointing. To be honest, I don't remember what it was. I won't fault Underground for being out of something, having worked in food myself, I know how it goes. I ended up with the rabbit and white beans, which was decent enough. I mean, I think it was trying to mimic Cassoulet, but just didn't really get there. Much like the kamut salad, it was unbalanced and lacking rounded flavors. \n\nI will reiterate that I was there the first week they were open, so I'm sure there's been improvement. One thing I will say however, and something I don't think will ever improve, are the proprietors. Frankly, I was turned off by their haughty behavior in the kitchen. I know of them from around town, and was turned off to see them taking pictures of themselves in the kitchen area, in a kind of self-congratulatory way. Yes, good job on the restaurant, I'm sure it will do well, and you've definitely got a good thing going, but please, spare us the spectacle. Also, I take some issue with the theme of \""rustic, local fare\"". L'Etoile has been doing this successfully for years, and is not a new concept by any means.
I am giving them a 3 STAR OK 2.5 STAR right now... I bought a GROUPON which was perfect for sampling the product. I had a POLISH and it was OK, it had no flavor, I was so disappointed that evening. Maybe I am still parcel to Stanley...I love Stanley the the sausage man, hehe..... \n\nI do have more sausage to try from So We Meat Again, another Polish , Andouille Sausage and a Spicy Hungarian.. Lets not forget the bacon... I am hoping for a 4 STAR at least.. \nI almost forgot, we had a deli sandwich a pastrami.. 2 thumbs down... Being from back east.. I think they forgot the meat...was pretty ahhhhhhh....pastrami was tasty, what was there.\n\n- Will we MEAT Again - That is the question. \n\nI will be back with an update on Andouille Sausage and the Spicy Hungarian.
I've eaten at the Roy's in Waikiki several times.  This was the first shot at the Chandler version.  \n\nOverall pretty good.  However, while the server was nice, the service overall was uneven at best, out of sync at worst.\n\nI ordered wine before I finished my salad but it didn't show up until after my main course showed up.  How does that happen?\n\nThis is another case where 3.5 is probably where this place ranks, but agin it's not a choice.  That being said, its not a 4 based on the uneven service.
This H&M is HUGE! I felt like I was in a 70's party with the glitter balls hanging from the ceilings. \n\nI can tell this H&M is frequented a lot since they didn't have my size in stock. I had seen a wool coat in San Francisco that I was thinking about purchasing and since I was in H&M in Vegas decided to get it. No size, unfortunately. \n\nI did end up buying two flannels and luckily I did since the casinos had the A/C on high!
This place is average at best. Very friendly atmosphere and very friendly staff make up for the lack of imagination when it comes to the food. Like another reviewer stated this is a spin off of chipotle. Being from Texas I am a Mexican food snob and this place does not hold up. I would come here if I were in the area but it's not good enough to make a trip especially for here. In the end, it will make a turd.
I don't live near a Chili's so I don't frequent them often.  We were across the street at the swap meet so we decided to run in for lunch.  I will say there are no vegetarian options on the menu which is a pain.  I ordered the Guacamole for us and it was surprisingly good for a chain.  I also ordered a  quesadilla salad minus the chicken which turned out to be better than you would expect.  Our waitress was very nice, but she really assumed we had eaten there before and we were all confused by the weird menu.  Everything seems to be ordered in multiples of 3 or 2.  I guess their thing is to configure your own meal.  If you don't frequent Chili's I guess you should let them know before you order.
I absolutely love Waffles! So it was a no-brainer to check this place out. Cute concept. Waffles with just about any topping and filling (turkey & cheese, sandwich waffle)  you can think up. They even offer boba which is hard to find in North Las Vegas so that's was cool. \n\nUnfortunately the waffles were just OK, they definitely weren't the best I've ever had. But my kids loved it so we'll be back! I guess I was expecting more from a place called Waffles Cafe. Another thing to mention, the customer service has always been outstanding, keep up the good work!
We saw this show last night.  Penn and Teller are good magicians and showmen.  I love that they got a little political during the show.  The problem I have with their show is that the majority of the show is for a small audience and should be performed at a private party.  They have people from the audience read from books and you just don't know if they are plants or not.  If it was a small dinner party, you would know that no one is a plant.  If the people were plants, then there is very little magic at all.  Sawing the gal in half was the only trick that really worked for the venue.  Everything else you are just wondering if the people are part of the show.  We had great seats through gold star.  I have to say that I was somewhat disappointed.  If you can get discounted tickets, then go.  Otherwise, don't pay full price.  No need to be in the front rows.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house.  A great venue.
Stopping in for happy hour drinks and apps.  Great patio, service as so-so.  Would return for happy hour, but menu was not appealing enough to come back for dinner.
Sandwiches are good. The chili was not what I was expecting though... Not good. And it takes forever to get your food.
Ill admit I used to hate this place. The one by Shea 14 had the worst waitresses.\n\nIm talkin mega bitches. They way they acted was like a skit on SNL, unreal.\n\nI took my family there for my Moms B-day. We ordered something and the waitress brought the wrong thing.\n\nAfter like 30mins of waiting for her to come back we told her we odrdered something different.\n\nShe was like, \"" No you didnt!\""\n\nI was all \""excuse me\"" \""Im sure it was a misunderstanding\""\n\nThats when she said\"" You are just saying that to take it off the bill\""\n\n\nWTF, WHO the F says that!!!\n\nFinally Igot a manager who took it off, we didnt even take a bite.\n\nThere was a lady eating right by us and she leaned in and said she had that waitress last week and had almost the same problem.\n\nIf she was a dude Id think she had royd rage.\n\nJust some skinny little bitch though.\n\nAnyway, I went back after 2 yrs. We had great service both times. \n\nI totally love the glazed chicken lavosh pizza!\n\nI had tryed the Medchilada, DONT EAT IT.\n\nIts kinda hit or miss with this place.\n\nBut if you are a veg than you have horrible taste in food anyway soo Im sure itll all be good \n\n( I say that lovingly, Im a vegetarian sometimes :) )
We decided to dine at the Oyster Bar on a Wednesday when seniors are charged  1/2 points.  My wife ordered the crab pan roast while opted for the cioppino.  One would expect to find crab legs in the pan roast, but there were just shreds of crab meat.  Meanwhile my cioppino contained a copious amount of seafood including the aforementioned missing split crab legs, mussels, white fish and clams in a delicious, slightly spicy tomato based broth.
This company operates kiosks in various malls.  For simple stuff they do fine.  They can change batteries, and even pressure-test your watch to verify it's still waterproof to the rated depth (highly recommended if your watch has been opened to change a battery!).\n\nIf they can't deal with a problem on-site, they send it to a central location or if necessary to the manufacturer.  They do honor their warranties, and take care of problems they may have caused.  Yes, I have had an experience with that.  Still not sure exactly what happened, but they took care of it.\n\nI will continue to bring my watches here for battery changes.
This place has tasty ramen, which is why it gets 3 stars just for taste. However it's not  all that unique or the best but but it's quite good. I've been here a couple times and for the price I wish you got a larger portion. The tonkotsu ramen tasted more like fatty grease than a pork flavor, the server recommends the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and I understood why. \nThe Tonkotsu-Shoyu is better but what is a peeve of mine is that recently when I get to-go (because the place is so small and gets crowded), they get really skimpy with a good piece of chashu! I always get extra chashu and if I'm lucky I get a piece that isn't 45% jiggly fat, and they're small pieces maybe 2in diameter of thin meat. And to top it off sometimes it's not even a discernible piece but a broken up tiny lump of fat-meat that's supposed to be the last remaining 3 out  of 6 pieces... which surely didn't look like 3 pieces.\n\nOverall I think it's overrated and a little overpriced for the amount of soup/noodles and meat given along with a very \""fat\"" tasting meal but hey that's flavor I suppose. I might come back every once in a while unless I find someplace better although it would be further away.
We had previously been to Cheeburger Cheeburger a long time ago and when I saw the Groupon, I decided we'd pay it another visit. \n\nWe ordered:\nBasket with fries and onion rings\nKid's meal with 3 chicken tenders, apple sauce, and apple juice\nThe pounder with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, guacamole, bacon, and mayonnaise \n\nThe basket was brought out first so we pounced at the sight of it. The onion rings were completely demolished because they were delectable. The thing I hate most about onion rings is when you take one bite and the onion slides out of the batter, leaving you to feel like a fatty just eating the fried battered part of what used to be an onion ring. Not these! I easily bit right through the gluttonous batter and sweet onion every time. \n\nThe kid's meal was great. My 4 year old thought the fact that it came in a car was pretty amusing and the chicken tenders were large enough for my two children to share. It came with a side of ranch which I thought was quite tasty and admittedly dipped some onion rings in it when the kids weren't looking. We opted for the apple sauce which ended up being Mott's but I don't think children really care for flashy apple sauce anyway.  \n\nNow, my husband and I shared the pounder and we were very very full afterward. We ordered it cooked medium well which the server said would be a little pink, but unfortunately there was no pink. I thought it was still juicy but my husband said it was on the dry side. My issue with the burger was the meat to bun and toppings ratio. As a woman, I like to take my large servings of meat with some veggies, but there was just so much meat that it was making a toppings landslide out of my slightly soggy bun. \n\nOverall, it was a nice experience but the price is a bit steep compared to how much I could pay at other burger places and receive a burger of equal quality.
My family and I have been coming to Lorenzo's since they opened.  So, why only 3 stars?  After all of these years, I finally think I can write a justified review.  First I want to say that we love the Grandma's Pie..best in the city or maybe anywhere else.  If you notice, all of the previous reviews talk about the pizza.  So, I am going to talk about what they are not taking about..First - the wine is horrible.  I've suggested many times that they get better tasting wine and up their price.  Right now they charge $5 a glass for the worst tasting wine in the world.  It's gotten to the point, that if I'm in the mood for a drink with my pizza, I'm going to one of the other Ballantyne restaurants to have a good drink with dinner. Tonight we ordered the house salad.  Thinking back on the house salads recently, the tomatoes are not ripe and the lettuce is iceberg that is more white than green.  My son likes the kids spaghetti and meatball (one meatball), which is a good size for the child.  He also likes garlic knots.  These are not knots, they are pull apart rolls that have garlic and butter on them.  However, the sauce that comes with the garlic \""knots\"" is very good.  Tonight we ordered the special, baked ziti with eggplant.  Unfortunately, while the ziti and eggplant may have tasted good..it was hard to tell since it was drenched in tomato sauce and one huge slab of mozzarella cheese.  The sauce was just ok and tasted like it was out of a jar with no seasoning.  How can you make a good sauce to go with the \""knots\"" and not have good sauce on the ziti.  Thinking back to other entrees we have had, they were also drenched in sauce that could have been much tastier. We also had ordered the meatball parm sub.  This was done very nice - 6 medium size meatballs on a sweet soft roll.  So, to sum it up..if you are looking for a good pizza head to Lorenzos, but you'd better not want to have a good drink to go  a log with it..Just stick to pizza at Lorenzo's.
Random that it is in an old diner.  They have Heu tieu on the menu!  My favorite dish when I visit Vietnam.  Not nearly as good here, but the closest I've gotten to it here at home.  The broth is a good flavor.  Thin clear noodles. The seafood in it is not fresh so that is the main downfall.  I still like it better than pho. The pho tastes good.  The fresh spring rolls were very good and clean tasting. Had an overall good experience.
Maybe it's because I'm from California. Maybe it's because I'm used to Chinatown in San Francisco being a 15 minute bus ride away.\n\nBut when I'm handed a 16 dollar check for three small pork buns, two teas and two plates of small potstickers I gasp.\n\nBecause in Chinatown, heck, in any Dim Sum place I've been to in the last five years, that is outlandishly priced.\n\nBut hey, maybe all Dim Sum makers decided to up the price all at once and no one told me. Maybe it's just Nevada. No? Just triple P?\n\nGood to know.\n\nThe service was good for cart Dim Sum, but again, we didn't revisit during our trip due to the price.\n\nIf we return we'll most likely skip it. I'd rather head to TGIF and get a huge place of food for less than that.
It's K Mart, not bad just nothing special. Nothing really sets K Mart apart from any of the other conglomerates. Gotta shop here from time to time for MH exclusives so you'll see me busting out my Maverick patch & showing it off with pride
Hmm, more like 2.5 stars for Crazy Jim's.  I'll be honest, I only had the grilled salmon salad, and yeah, I have no idea why I'm ordering a salmon salad for lunch, but still, it was just all right.  The salads are made with iceberg lettuce, and that's pretty much it - basic, boring, and blah.  A few co-workers had burgers which looked OK, and I've heard the gyros are pretty good.  But Sticklers is cheaper, better, and it's just across the street, so I probably won't be heading back to Jim's anytime soon.
